C Support
(Lucy enters the scene.)
Lucy: Wow, it smells really good here. Oh, Miss Alex! What are you up to?
Alex: Hello, Lucy. Just brewing some tea. Would you like some?
Lucy: Yes, please!
Alex: Here you go. Be careful. It's hot.
Lucy: Thank you very much.
(Lucy takes a sip.)
Lucy: ... This is really good! What kind of tea is it?
Alex: It's a blend of chamomile and lavender. I've read that both are good for sleep and relaxation.
Lucy: That's amazing! Tea can do that?
Alex: Yes, to some extent. It can't replace eating well and taking care of your body, but it can help. If you'd like, I could lend you my book on different teas. You seem quite interested.
Lucy: That would be great! Thank you very much, Miss Alex!
Alex: Of course. If you happen to come across a tea that you might like, let me know. I'll see if I can brew it for you.
Lucy: Okay!

B Support
Lucy: Miss Alex! I found a tea I want to try.
Alex: Oh? Which one is it?
Lucy: Ginger tea!
Alex: That one is quite good. It's one of my favorites. What caught your interest with this one in particular?
Lucy: That book you lent me said that it's good for soothing a sore throat. I was hoping it could ease my mother's symptoms, at least.
Alex: Ah, I see. How about we make a batch together? That way we can figure out a good way to prepare it before having your mother give it a try.
Lucy: Oh, good idea!
(Some time later...)
Alex: Alright, looks like it's done. Let me pour you a cup, Lucy. Feel free to add some lemon and honey, but don't go overboard.
Lucy: Thank you very much, Miss Alex. I think I'll try it as is first.
(Lucy takes a sip.)
Lucy: ... Oh, wow, I can see why this is recommended for sore throats. You can really feel it go down with just a little sip.
Alex: Yes, I agree. That's why I prefer to have it with a squeeze of lemon and some honey. Not only do their flavors compliment the ginger, they can also ease an ailing throat.
Lucy: I'll give it a taste.
(Lucy takes another sip.) ... Ahh... That's really good! I think I know how to prepare this for my mother now. Thank you very much, Miss Alex!
Alex: You're very welcome, Lucy. Please let me know what she thinks of the tea.
Lucy: Of course!

A Support
Lucy: Miss Alex! Thanks again for helping with the tea. Mom really liked it.
Alex: I'm glad to hear that, Lucy.
Lucy: I just wish there was more I could do for her.
Alex: Well, there's only so much you can do. But I think what you have done has been helping a lot.
Lucy: You really think so?
Alex: Absolutely. If anything, I'm sure your mother is happy that her daughter cares so much for her.
Lucy: Thank you, Miss Alex, but I still want to try harder for her.
Alex: Hm... I have an idea. Why don't I teach you how to grow your own ginger? I've been reading up on how to grow various herbs and roots for tea. Ginger does take a while to grow, but if we start now, we'll be able to harvest it sometime next year.
Lucy: That's a great idea!
Alex: Then, let's grab some ginger roots from the market. We can plant them in the fields behind the castle when we come back.
Lucy: Okay!
(Later behind the castle...)
Alex: Alright, this looks good. We just have to let the maids know to take care of these while we're away.
Lucy: Right! Oh, I should go to the infirmary and check up on Mom. Thank you again, Miss Alex. This was really fun!
Alex: Of course. See you later, Lucy.
(Adds the base convo "A Mother's Love".)