C Support
Anna: Well, hey there, Xiang! Whatcha up to there?
Xiang: Ah, hello, Anna. I am performing a daily divination ritual. I do this each morning to get an outlook on how the rest of the day fares.
Anna: Ohhh, cool stuff! So, how does this work? Anything special going on with these cards?
Xiang: Each card in this deck has a different meaning. The one I just drew, "The Drake", represents the concept of cycles and transitions. It could either mean more of the same is in store for me today, or there will be a change in routine. I will just have to stay aware of such things.
Anna: That's really fascinating. Say, have you ever thought of doing this for other people?
Xiang: What do you mean?
Anna: People out there might like a forecast on how their day goes, y'know? And you could be their go-to person to give them that foresight.
Xiang: I don't know... This is something I typically only do for myself.
Anna: You'd be doing people a service, Xiang! I think everyone would be happier if they knew how to tackle the day. Plus, if we charge for it, that just means more funds for the army to work with too.
Xiang: Since you put it that way, maybe I'll consider it.
Anna: Great! Oh, this is exciting. I'm gonna make flyers and everything! I'll let you know when I'm done with the prep work on my end.
(Anna leaves.)
Xiang: Ah, Anna, I said "maybe"! ... Usually, the predictions don't happen this fast.

B Support
Anna: Hey, Xiang! So? How's the fortune-telling business treating you?
Xiang: I'm exhausted. I've had no time to myself for a week straight. Just how many people did you advertise this to?
Anna: I hung a flyer or two... Or three... Maybe closer to a dozen in the castle town's marketplace. It's a high-traffic area, y'know? More eyes means more business.
Xiang: Too much business, in my opinion. This cannot be the only thing I do in my free time, Anna. I have a life outside of this.
Anna: Hm... You do have a point. Oh, here's an idea! How about I help you manage things? I can figure out timeslots, handle the finances, all the clerical stuff! That way, all you have to worry about is the readings.
Xiang: Well, that will help a lot--
Anna: Okay! Time to get some new flyers made.
(Anna leaves.)
Xiang: Maybe I should do a quick self-reading. That's always relaxing. ... "The Turtle," but it's upside-down. Emotional instability... *sigh* I could have figured that one out on my own.

A Support
Anna: Xiang, what's going on? I thought you were completely booked today. Where is everyone?
Xiang: I canceled all my appointments for the day.
Anna: You what?! But all those clients--
Xiang: Can find someone else to read their fortunes. I did some research and found others who do similar readings to mine.
Anna: But why? You were really popular, Xiang!
Xiang: That never mattered to me. I was only in it to help others. I do not want to shoulder that burden on my own if I can help it.
Anna: Well, I guess it is ultimately your decision. But man, we were making so much gold off of this...
Xiang: As I've said before, these readings were something I did solely for myself. I find them therapeutic. It's something I do to self-reflect each day.
Anna: Hm... I get it now. Sorry for taking that away from you, Xiang. I wasn't thinking.
Xiang: Now that you understand, would you like me to do a reading for you?
Anna: Huh? Are you sure?
Xiang: Though I do readings for myself, I do not mind performing the occasional reading for a friend. Especially if it seems like they need time to reflect on things.
Anna: That's really kind of you, Xiang. Thanks.
Xiang: Now, is there anything currently on your mind? Anything that's troubling you?
Anna: Well, other than this business venture falling through, there is something... How's my future with Jake looking? I don't want to go into the details, but I just wanna know how things turn out.
Xiang: I see. For this, I'll draw three cards rather than do the typical one-card readings for my daily fortune-telling. A topic like this needs more insight.
Anna: Alright.
Xiang: Allow me to shuffle the deck.
(Xiang shuffles the deck and lays them out.)
Xiang: Now, pick three cards.
Anna: Let's see, I'll pick this one, this one, and... that one.
Xiang: Now, I'll flip each card over one by one. The first card represents how your relationship is currently faring. You chose "The Phoenix." It signifies passion and energy. I don't think there's any arguing about what this is implying.
Anna: Hah, nope!
Xiang: The next card represents a possible future for this relationship. For this, you chose "The Wyrm." This one symbolizes stability and growth. There won't be major problems on the road ahead, from what I can tell. And the "growth" part can range from the physical to the emotional.
Anna: "Growth," huh...? Hm...
Xiang: And finally, the final card will bridge the gap between the current state and the future. The card you chose was "The Serpent." This represents taking the initiative.
Anna: I see... Yeah, I think I know what I need to do. Thanks, Xiang. Mind if we do this again sometime? I'll be sure not to ask you too often.
Xiang: I would be glad to, Anna.
