C Support
Felicity: Joshua, what is the meaning of this?
Joshua: Oh, these swords aren't mine. Well, except Old Iron here. I offered to clean everyone's swords.
Felicity: That is NOT what I was referring to, Joshua.
Joshua: What is the problem, then?
Felicity: Look around you! Her Highness has been very gracious in granting you a private chamber, and you let it get like this! The state of this room is appalling!
Joshua: What do you mean? There's no dust or rats or anything.
Felicity: Oh sweet Medea! Where are your boots? Here on the nightstand? Where's your armor? Hung up? No! It's thrown on the reading table.
Joshua: You mean I can't temporarily put them there?
Felicity: Of course not! Where did you grow up? Don't answer that. I don't want to know.
Joshua: Soooo... you want armor and clothes in the closet instead?
Felicity: Yes, it would make my job easier. Wait, isn't that Princess Krista's sword?
Joshua: Yes, it's seen some heavy use. I offered to sharpen it and clean it up. A few knicks in it too. A little light for my liking, but it's a good blade. Well balanced.
Felicity: You are something else. Your room is worse than a rat's nest, but you keep your weapons and armor well-maintained.
Joshua: If you don't maintain your weapons, they'll fail you when you need them most.
Felicity: All of that is well and good, but could you please maintain your chambers better?
Joshua: Sure, I can do that.
Felicity: Thank you! Oh, next time you want to sneak out to the tavern, I can get you out without Forrest knowing. Bye!
(Felicity leaves.)
Joshua: That woman is something else. Reminds me of one of my aunts.

B Support
Joshua: Alright, just a little grime off the blade here, anddddd... Done! Can't say I remember anyone using this axe before. I wonder who it belongs to?
Felicity: Ah, there you are, Joshua. Have you seen my-- Aha! I had a feeling my axe was with you.
Joshua: Wait, you're saying this is yours? I never expected you to know how to use martial weapons. Especially not axes.
Felicity: Oh? And why not?
Joshua: I figured you'd prefer to be on the sidelines. Provide support from a distance with that magic-y stuff you do.
Felicity: You aren't wrong, per se. I do not put myself in the line of fire if I can help it. But having a Plan B can be useful just in case something goes wrong.
Joshua: Makes sense to me. Still, if you miss, it'll be costly. Re-orienting yourself after a whiff takes time.
Felicity: Oh, I'm well-aware. But you know I can be light on my feet.
Joshua: Yeah, but you can't depend on that all the time.
Felicity: It's never failed me yet.
Joshua: Still pretty reckless.
Felicity: Well, if you think that, how about a quick spar? I'll show you that my reflexes are more reliable than you think. I'll help you sneak over to the tavern again if you win.
Joshua: Hah! Sure thing, Felicity. Let's go!

A Support
Felicity: Joshua, can't you move quietly? The idea was to sneak through the servants' halls. That means NO noise.
Joshua: I'm trying Felicity, but these halls are a little small and narrow.
Felicity: That's because we don't hire lumbering, mountain men as maids.
(Felicity and Joshua run into a maid.)
Felicity: Eep!
Maid: Oh, am I in your way, Miss Felicity?
Felicity: Yes, you are.
Maid: My apologies.
(The maid begins to walk off but turns back.)
Maid: ...
Felicity: ...
(The maid leaves.)
Felicity: Ugh!!
Joshua: You okay? Stubbed your toe or something?
Felicity: No, I am NOT okay, Joshua! You did see her, right?
Joshua: Yes, what of it?
Felicity: She will think I'm sneaking a secret lover into or from my quarters! That floozy hypocrite!
Joshua: So? Who cares? I don't see how what she thinks matters. It's not going to affect your standing with the princess or her parents.
Felicity: It's the principle, Joshua! I don't want unneeded attention or people talking about me. Staring at me...
Joshua: Fuck 'em!
Felicity: Pardon?
Joshua: Fuck 'em. Who gives a shit? It's none of her business or her damn place to back-talk someone as hard-working as you.
Felicity: At least someone realizes I work hard around here.
Joshua: You clearly work your ass off. If she gives you hell, tell her to fuck off. Tell her where she can take her bitch ass.
Felicity: Hee-hee. You sure you're not related to Her Highness?
Joshua: I'm sure.
Felicity: Anyway, here's the back door. Have fun at the tavern.
Joshua: Why don't you come too this time? I think you need to unwind a little.
Felicity: I really shouldn't, though.
Joshua: You really want to deal with the other servants now?
Felicity: You know what, alright. It's been a millennia since I've taken it easy. F-Figuratively speaking, of course. Haha...
Joshua: Hm?
Felicity: Let's go.
(Felicity leaves.)
Joshua: Huh, wonder what that was about?
Felicity: What are you waiting for, Joshua? Come on!
Joshua: Right behind you!
(Joshua follows Felicity.)
# Original script by Berserker Sam #