C Support
Alex: Hm... Perhaps if I hold it like this? Then do this? No, that doesn't seem right either... I'm sorry for putting you through this, Tia. Once we get it done, I'll let you have an extra helping of oats.
Tia: Neigh!
(Forrest enters the scene.)
Alex: Ah, General Forrest! Perfect timing. Do you have a moment?
Forrest: I do. Did you need something?
Alex: Yes. You see, back when your father led the royal army, he taught the Lance Cavalry unit a certain technique. I was just barely a squire back then, but I wanted to learn it myself when the time came.
Forrest: I see.
Alex: I have been looking over this combat manual he wrote, but I'm not sure if I'm performing the actions detailed in it correctly. Do you mind looking it over while you observe my and Tia's movements? I could really use an outside perspective.
Forrest: Of course.
Alex: Alright, ready?
Forrest: Go ahead.
Alex: Let's go, Tia!
(Some time later...)
Alex: Anything you noticed?
Forrest: You have the right idea, but there's still room for improvement. Point the tip of your lance a little lower from where you intend to strike. That will give you a better view of your target and it will prevent you from further lowering your weapon when you do strike.
Alex: Understood. I'll give it another try.
(Much later...)
Forrest: There you go. I'm already seeing improvement.
Alex: Thank you, General. I think I can handle practicing more on my own from here. However, there are more maneuvers in this manual I'm interested in learning. Is it alright if I call upon you again if I need more assistance?
Forrest: Of course.

B Support
Alex: General, may I ask you something?
Forrest: Go ahead.
Alex: I've noticed that you've been more focused on your swordplay than your lance techniques lately. Is there any particular reason for that?
Forrest: While I have maintained my lance skills in my free time, I feel compelled to improve my swordsmanship more. Maybe even have it surpass my lance prowess.
Alex: Oh? Fascinating. Very fascinating.
Forrest: Yes, Alex? Is there something you wish to say?
Alex: No, nothing at all, General. I'm just amused that someone as stoic as you can experience jealousy.
Forrest: What are you getting at?
Alex: It's not a coincidence that you have fully focused on improving your skill with swords eight months ago. You know, the time when Her Highness acquired a new sword tutor?
Forrest: Alex, you are very much overstepping your boundaries here.
Alex: I see no problem with what I've said, General. Is there one?
Forrest: ... No. There isn't.
Alex: That's what I thought.
Forrest: Anyway, I have... important matters to attend to. If you'll excuse me...
(Forrest leaves.)
Alex: Oh, Forrest, you're never subtle when it comes to her.

A Support
Forrest: Excellent work, Alex. You have made great strides with going through my father's combat manual.
Alex: Thank you, General. It's thanks to you that I have been able to do so. Now there's just one last technique to go over.
Forrest: Alright. I'm ready whenever you are.
(Later...)
Alex: So, General, what did you think?
Forrest: Overall, very good. However, if I may...
(Forrest approaches Alex and places his hands on hers.)
Alex: !!
Forrest: If you slide your hand down lower on the shaft like this...
Alex: Uh-huh?
Forrest: You'll find that it's a more balanced grip. It won't be as much of a burden if you lower yourself down to this position.
Alex: I... I see.
Forrest: There's no need to hold it as tightly as you did before. With less stress on your hand, you have more energy to focus on other things.
Alex: Y-Yes, of course. Er, General...?
Forrest: Yes?
Alex: You're... rather close.
Forrest: Wha-- O-Oh!
(Forrest backs off.)
Forrest: I apologize, Alex. I didn't mean to--
Alex: No, it's alright! It just surprised me how willing you were to take on a more... hands-on approach. On top of that, you...
Forrest: Hm?
Alex: Just be more mindful of your words next time. Especially when you're that close.
Forrest: Erm, alright?
Alex: Thank you for all your help, General Forrest. If you don't mind, I think I'll call it here for today.
Forrest: You're welcome, Alex. Have a good rest of your day. And please get some rest. You look feverish.
Alex: H-Huh?
Forrest: Your face is flushed.
Alex: Ah, I-I'm fine. Thank you for your concern. Anyway, I'll be taking my leave. Until next time, General.
(Alex leaves.)
Forrest: I hope she's feeling well. She's been working hard, but I don't want her to overdo it. And what did she mean about watching my words? Just what did I say earlier? I don't think I said anything offensive, or... ... Wait. WAIT.

S Support
Forrest: Alright, hold it like this then thrust... Yes, there we go. Just a couple more like that, and I think I've got it.
(Alex enters the scene.)
Alex: Getting back into your lance training, General?
Forrest: A-Alex, you startled me. But, yes, I am.
Alex: Finally decided to give swords a rest?
Forrest: Not necessarily. My swordplay has just been maintained well enough right now. I may do it more regularly again in the future, but I know for a fact I need to get back into lances. I've found that I'm more rusty than I thought I was.
Alex: I see. Starting to move on, then.
Forrest: What was that?
Alex: It's nothing. Oh, General, doesn't that grip feel uncomfortable? Wouldn't pulling your front hand back a bit feel less strenuous on your joints?
Forrest: Hm? Let's see... Ah, I thought something felt off. Thank you, Alex. Though I must say, shouldn't I be the one guiding you?
Alex: Heehee, I suppose so. Besides, I'm sure that you would know how to handle your own lance better than I would.
Forrest: That should go without saying--Alex, what was with that tone just now?
Alex: I have no idea what you're talking about.
Forrest: Oh, really? Not insinuating something, are you?
Alex: I was just thinking that perhaps once you are done here, I could observe your "lance techniques" up close?
Forrest: How forward. What's gotten you so confident?
Alex: Hm, I wonder...
Forrest: I don't mind it at all. Though I feel that we should go out to dinner first, at least.
Alex: I'd like that.