C Support
Chell: On laundry duty today, Forrest?
Forrest: Yes, I am. Was there something you needed?
Chell: I finished gathering firewood, so I wanted to see if you needed assistance.
Forrest: That would be much appreciated. Thank you, Chell.
Chell: It is my pleasure. One moment, isn't that Princess Krista's blouse? I didn't know you took care of her laundry as well.
Forrest: I typically don't. That's Felicity's job. She's busy catching up on her other duties, so I'm taking over for her.
Chell: Is that so? And you don't feel awkward handling a woman's clothing?
Forrest: The way you phrased that made me feel more awkward about it than me actually doing it. But in all seriousness, no. I don't. I had to take over for Felicity a few times over the years, and it was embarrassing for a while. But ultimately, it was something I got used to.
Chell: I see...
Forrest: Is there something on your mind?
Chell: Nothing in particular. It's just with how well you perform your duties around the castle, I think you'd make a good husband one day.
Forrest: I... Pardon?
Chell: I apologize. That did not come out as I intended. I didn't mean to imply that you and I would...
Forrest: It's alright. I'll take it as a compliment.

B Support
Chell: Forrest, have you thought about having children one day?
Forrest: What's with this sudden question? Wait, is this related to our discussion the other day?
Chell: Yes, it is, actually. So, has it ever crossed your mind?
Forrest: It hasn't. Well, I mean, it has, but...
Chell: You'd want Her Highness to be the mother?
Forrest: Chell, don't say such things out loud! It's not proper.
Chell: Even if it's true?
Forrest: Yes, even if it's-- ... How dare you.
Chell: Allow me to be frank, but everyone and their mother knows you have feelings for Princess Krista.
Forrest: Has it been that obvious?
Chell: Yes. It has been that obvious for years. Pardon me for being overly critical, but it's to the point where it's almost pitiful.
Forrest: Your words wound me, Chell. Though, I suppose this is something I needed to hear.
Chell: There is more to life than her, you know.
Forrest: That is easy for you to say. Protecting Her Highness, staying by her side... This life with her is all I've ever known, Chell. I cannot stray from it so easily.
Chell: But what if you could? What if one day, you were no longer were duty-bound to her?
Forrest: That's... I can't even begin to imagine such a life.
Chell: Maybe you should. There could be a time when she isn't here. You never know what could happen in the future.
Forrest: A time when she isn't here...

A Support
Chell: Forrest? Do you mind if I ask you something?
Forrest: Go ahead.
Chell: Do you think I would make a good mother?
Forrest: Still on that train of thought? What brought this on specifically?
Chell: I was thinking about Lin. I can't help but think I could have done better.
Forrest: Chell, you're her sister. Not her mother. What more could you have done?
Chell: I know, but ever since Mother and Father were gone, I had to be the one there for her. Was I too tough on her? Did I say something wrong? I--
Forrest: Chell, stop. Don't beat yourself up over this. You tried your best given the circumstances. You were young. And the pain of losing a mother not only affected her, but you as well. You had it just as hard, if not harder than she did. No one should blame you for her leaving. Especially not yourself.
Chell: Forrest...
Forrest: You're a strong woman, Chell. Your future children would be lucky to have a mother like you. And you won't be alone in raising them either. Your future husband would be there by your side.
Chell: I... Yes, you're right. Thank you, Forrest.

S Support
Forrest: Chell, may I speak to you for a moment?
Chell: Yes? What is it?
Forrest: I... Oh, Medea, this is nerve-wracking.
Chell: I've never seen you like this before. What's gotten you so nervous?
Forrest: I just... Allow me to be frank with you. I said before that your future husband would support you in raising a family. When I told you that, I never imagined I would refer to myself.
Chell: Wait, what are you trying to say?
Forrest: I've considered my options, and I believe this path is best for me. You were right. There is more to life than serving Her Highness. Chell, you've opened my eyes to a world I have not seen before, and I will forever be thankful for that. Would you... be willing to expand my world further?
Chell: That's... a ring?! Forrest...!
Forrest: I-Is that a "yes"?
Chell: Absolutely! Oh, Forrest, of course I'll marry you.
Forrest: Chell, I... Please be patient with me on this. This... This is all very new to me.
Chell: We're in this together. You said so yourself. I'll support you as long as you do the same for me.
Forrest: I... Yes. Of course. Thank you.