C Support
Joshua: Yah!
(Joshua moves in to strike, but Yumi dodges.)
Yumi: Missed me!
Joshua: Hyah!!
(Joshua attacks again, but Yumi dodges.)
Yumi: Oh~ Almost got me that time~
Joshua: This'll be the one! RAGH!!
(Joshua attacks one more time, misses, then Yumi counterattacks.)
Joshua: Gah!
Yumi: Got you~
Joshua: Argh, not again. Alright, alright, let's call it here.
Yumi: Fine by me.
Joshua: Honestly, Yumi, it still surprises me how nimble you are considering how you're... Well, y'know.
Yumi: Oh? How I'm what?
Joshua: That you... Uh, well...
Yumi: Uh-huh? Go on~
Joshua: That you're kinda... top-heavy?
Yumi: Oh? You mean these? My boo--
Joshua: Yeah, yes, those! They're pretty hard to miss.
Yumi: They do make good distractions.
Joshua: And good targets. Those things are just asking to get hit. And when they do, BAM! That's gonna do more than just sting.
Yumi: Assuming you can get me first.
Joshua: All it takes is one wrong move or one good swing, Yumi. I can prove it to you right now! One more round! Come on!
Yumi: Okay, okay, big guy. Let's see what you got!

B Support
Yumi: You know, Joshua, I've never seen a sword as big as yours before. Seems pretty unique.
Joshua: Oh, yeah, I inherited it from my father.
Yumi: Oh, fascinating~ Now, what about that block of iron you call a weapon?
Joshua: Huh? I just said-- ... Wait.
Yumi: Heehee! You made that way too easy, Joshua. But, seriously, that was your father's? He must have been really strong.
Joshua: Strong and fast. He could cut through the air with Old Iron more easily than I can. Sure, I can wield it, but I'm not at his level yet. Far from it.
Yumi: A guy like him would make a name for himself in the arena. And now that I think of it, I never heard of anyone like your father participating in any famous tournaments like the Rooms of Valor.
Joshua: That's because he focused on his mercenary work. Stuff like arena fighting never interested him.
Yumi: What about you? It seems like you have a different goal in mind.
Joshua: I want to get up to my father's level, then surpass it if I can. I know I have a long way to go, so I fight in arenas to seek out stronger opponents.
Yumi: I'd say you're plenty strong already, but I don't think that's what you want to hear. So, I'll say this: keep working hard.
Joshua: Ha! You don't gotta tell me twice. Speaking of which, I'm gonna get more training in. See ya, Yumi!
(Joshua leaves.)
Yumi: So he's not in it for fame or money, huh? You don't see that every day.

A Support
Yumi: Hm... Sten's got a win-loss record of thirteen to four, so that's not too bad. Him mainly wielding axes would make him a good candidate. And I'd normally consider Duarte for something like this too, but I'm pretty sure he's still recovering from that broken leg from last season. I'll have to double-check on that, though. In the meantime, maybe Matan would be a good substitute. He's got a similar record of fifteen to three. Wait, who was he up against for these matches again? Hm... No, there was too much of a skill disparity between him and his opponent for most of these. Never mind.
(Joshua enters the scene.)
Joshua: Yumi! What's got you so busy?
Yumi: Oh, Joshua! Perfect timing. I was thinking about what you said the other day. How you fought in arenas to go up against strong opponents. So, I've been organizing a private tournament for you to take on the toughest fighters in the area.
Joshua: Huh. And what's with all these numbers and stuff?
Yumi: I can't just pick up random guys off the street, now can I? I gotta analyze these statistics and make sure you get the most out of this.
Joshua: Sounds complicated.
Yumi: Honestly, yeah, it is. Haven't you ever thought about how payouts in the arena are calculated? This is how.
Joshua: Wait a minute. All that sneaking around and gathering info that you do...
Yumi: Yup, it's all for this. My charm and good looks makes it a lot easier, in case you were wondering.
Joshua: I'm not surprised. Anyway, who do you have in mind for this tournament?
Yumi: Like I'd tell you! I wouldn't want you to have an unfair advantage. I mean, unless you'd be willing to "pay" me for the info.
Joshua: I'll pass.
Yumi: Heehee~ Just testing you. And you passed. As a reward, I'll let you know that I'm planning on having a variety of fighters with different techniques up their sleeves for this tournament. I don't plan on making this easy for you just because you're a friend.
Joshua: Hah! I'd be disappointed if you did. Thanks for all this, Yumi. You didn't have to go through all this trouble just for me.
Yumi: Don't mention it. You're an interesting man, Joshua. I wanna see just how strong you can become.

S Support
Joshua: Woooo!! That tournament got me fired up! Thanks again for organizing all that, Yumi. This was great!
Yumi: Glad you had fun, Joshua. Sorry you didn't win, though.
Joshua: Aw, you know that doesn't matter to me. It just means that I've got more to work on. Did you see that last guy I was up against? He was pretty much running circles around me!
Yumi: Haha, yeah, that sure was something. Sounds like you and I need to train together more often.
Joshua: Seems like it. Wanna do that now?
Yumi: Sure! And how about we make this interesting? You take me out to dinner if I win.
Joshua: You're on!
(Later during their spar...)
Yumi: Come on, Joshua! You're so close!
Joshua: *huff huff* Man, Yumi, have you gotten faster since last time? How's that even possible?
Yumi: Hey, like I said, you almost got me. Looks like we've both been getting better.
Joshua: Heh, guess so. But I'm not gonna give up that easily! Hyah!!
Joshua: ?!
Yumi: Got you~
Joshua: H-Hey, what was that?!
Yumi: That was me winning again. Anyway, dinner?
Joshua: *sigh* Yeah, alright, fine.
Yumi: Okay! It's a date!