C Support
Kai: Trevor, there you are. Mind if I ask you about something?
Trevor: Kai, my brother in arms, you may ask me anything your heart desires.
Kai: Great. Just to confirm, Princess Krista hired you around six months ago?
Trevor: Why, yes! Only two months after your employment, if memory serves.
Kai: I see. With that in mind, your prowess with magic piqued my interest.
Trevor: You flatter me so, Kai! But, I have a feeling that this is where the praise ends.
Kai: And you'd be right. You see, I've heard rumors that House Valoria's only child has gone missing. And has been missing for around six months.
Trevor: I see. Go on.
Kai: Being a magic prodigy yourself, I'm sure you'd know about the most powerful mage family in Medeas, wouldn't you?
Trevor: Well... of course! Now, Kai, excuse me for being presumptuous, but I am not the missing Valoria heir of which you speak. For the Valoria family only had a daughter, not a son. It would be impossible for it to be me.
Kai: Huh. Well, that's news to me. Sorry about the assumptions, Trevor. I guess I'll have to go back to the drawing board for this one.
Trevor: It is quite alright, my friend. I would love to chat more, but I must get to my studies. {c:e;Trevor;Smile}Do not get too caught up in the rumor mill, now.
(Trevor leaves the scene.)
Kai: Well, that trail has gone cold. Hm... Why do I have this nagging feeling that there's more to this story?

B Support
Man: Here's that sketch you wanted, sir. Is that all you needed?
Kai: Yes, thank you. And here's your payment. Thank you again for your assistance.
(Scene transitions to outside of town.)
Kai: Now, let's see here... That's what the young Valoria scion looks like, hm? Her face... Heh, if I didn't know any better, I'd say she looks just like--
(Trevor enters the scene.)
Trevor: Ah, Kai, my brother in arms! Fancy seeing you here.
Kai: Trevor? What are you-- !!
Trevor: Is something the matter, Kai? You look like you have seen a ghost.
Kai: It's... It's nothing. Ahem. As I was saying, what are you doing in town?
Trevor: Why, I am out doing errands for Princess Krista. Would you care to join me?
Kai: Actually, I'm busy with my own stuff. Maybe some other time?
Trevor: So it shall be. I will not keep you any longer. So long!
(Trevor leaves the scene.)
Kai: ... Could Trevor actually be...? No, I must be going crazy. There's no way...
(Scene transitions to town.)
Trevor: Kai was acting really weird just now. Did he figure me out...? No, of course not. Just keep doing what you're doing, Trevor. You've kept suspicions off yourself for this long, after all.

A Support
Kai: With all this evidence, I am now almost one hundred percent sure about my theory. All I need to do now is confront Trevor about it.
(Kai knocks on Trevor's door.)
Kai: G'morning, Trevor. It's Kai. Can we talk?
Trevor: A-Ah, yes! One... One moment, please!
Kai: Sorry, did I catch you at a bad time?
Trevor: Nah, everything's a-okay! I-I mean, just... uh... Gimme a sec, alright??
Kai, thinking: ... Did he just say "a-okay"? Yeah, something's not right here.
Kai: Y'know, this can wait 'til later--
Trevor: Nah, nah, it's cool! I'll be out in a jiff!
Kai: Did you just say "in a ji--
(Trevor enters the scene.)
Trevor: Hi. Hello. Yes. Ahem. Kai, my brother in arms, how are you on this fine morning? Quite breezy today, isn't it?
Kai: ...
Trevor: Is something wrong?
Kai: ... You're not wearing any pants.
Trevor: ...
(Trevor leaves the scene.)
Trevor: I'll be right back--
Kai: *sigh* By Merin, this was NOT how I wanted to confirm my suspicions.
(Kai knocks on Trevor's door again.)
Kai: Trevor, after you get dressed, can we talk? We can do it in your quarters if you prefer.
Trevor: ... Alright.
(Scene transitions inside Trevor's room.)
Trevor: Please don't tell anyone.
Kai: Relax, I won't. The thought didn't even cross my mind.
Trevor: Then, why bother looking into this in the first place?
Kai: Just wanted to satisfy my own curiosity. You know how it is.
Trevor: For once, I wish that wasn't the case. There was a reason why I didn't want this coming out, y'know.
Kai: Trevor, I'm really sorry. I didn't mean to invade on something so private. I didn't realize it WAS a private matter for you.
Trevor: ...
Kai: Do you mind if I ask you one last thing?
Trevor: I'm not gonna feed your curiosity more than I already have.
Kai: Trevor, please. I really am sorry that I hurt you. I had no idea this was a sensitive topic for you. Please understand that. You're my friend, and I would never intentionally cause you grief.
Trevor: ... What did you want to ask?
Kai: Why all of this hiding? Were things in House Valoria not to your liking?
Trevor: Ha! "Hiding"? Kai, this is the most unconcealed I've been in my entire life. "Heir to House Valoria" was the disguise. Not "Trevor". "Trevor, loyal retainer to Princess Krista" has been my true self all along, even if it took me a long time to realize it.
Kai: Hmm...
Trevor: Wh-What?
Kai: If that's how it is, then that's how it is. You're Trevor. Always have been, always will.
Trevor: Kai...
Kai: I never actually knew you in your previous life, so I got nothing to compare to anyway. I can imagine that it was tough for you back then, though. Having to pretend to be someone else and all.
Trevor: Yes, it was a miserable existence. But when Her Highness found me half a year ago... When she accepted me for who I was... That was the happiest moment in my life. I'll never forget that.
Kai: You're definitely doing well now. I can tell. And I prefer a happy Trevor over a sad one any day.
Trevor: Haha... Thank you. That means a lot.
Kai: Of course. You're my friend. And my brother in arms.
Trevor: As are you, Kai. As are you.

S Support
Trevor: ...
(Kai enters the scene.)
Kai: Something up, Trev?
Trevor: K-Kai! You startled me.
Kai: Heh, sorry. Anyway, my question?
Trevor: I can't stop thinking about what happens after all... this. Will we still be employed by the royal family? Her Highness might not...
Kai: I dunno about you, but I'm outta here no matter what happens afterward.
Trevor: C-Come again?
Kai: I'm a mercenary, remember? And I'd say my job here's almost done.
Trevor: That is one way to put it, I suppose.
Kai: And even if I wasn't a mercenary, Merinas would be hunting me down and arresting me for treason. I wouldn't wanna make myself an easy target, y'know?
Trevor: I... I see.
Kai: Come on, don't make such a long face. This was gonna happen eventually, Trev. You know that.
Trevor: Yes, but that does not make it hurt any less. Did our time together mean nothing to you?
Kai: Trev, in case you haven't noticed, I don't stay attached to people. You're no different.
Trevor: But what about what you said before? We are friends, are we not?
Kai: ... Slip of the tongue.
Trevor: Says the man who has given me a nickname on a whim.
Kai: Another slip of the tongue.
Trevor: And here I thought you were more tight-lipped.
Kai: I don't loosen my lips or my tongue for just anyone, you know. And you shouldn't either, Valoria.
Trevor: ... Just what are you trying to say?
Kai: You trusted me this entire time to keep your secret. Do you believe that to be a wise decision?
Trevor: Yes. I do.
Kai: Oh?
Trevor: You would have done something with this information by now. Force me back to my family, inform Her Highness of my true identity... And yet here we are with nothing changed.
Kai: Heh. All very true, Trev.
Trevor: Huh? What was the point of all that?
Kai: Just a little test to see if you've got a good read on me after all this time. You passed, by the way.
Trevor: Could you please be straightforward for once?
Kai: Sure I can, on one condition.
Trevor: Which is?
Kai: Just relax when it's just us. No need to use that extensive vocabulary around me. It's gotta be exhausting for you.
Trevor: I... I can try.
Kai: Good. In fact, I can make the transition easier on you, if you want.
Trevor: Huh? How?
Kai: By loosening your lips.
Trevor: What do you mean by--
(Kai kisses Trevor.)
Trevor: Mn?!!
Kai: Aw, you're blushing.
Trevor: Did you just...?!
Kai: What? Never been kissed before?
Trevor: I... N-No...
Kai: I can be your first in other ways too, if you'll let me, Trev.
Trevor: Wait wait wait stop stop stop that's going way too fast!!
Kai: Oh? You knew what I meant by that? I guess you're not as innocent as I thought--
Trevor: CEASE!!