C Support
Yumi: Hm... I wonder...
Kai: It's impolite to stare, you know.
Yumi: My, aren't you sharp? It makes me wonder if you're used to getting stared at.
Kai: Implying something?
Yumi: Does the nickname "The Escort Mercenary" mean anything to you?
Kai: Can't say it does. Should it?
Yumi: I've heard that a handsome young mercenary from Merinas has been selling more than just his sword arm. If you catch my drift. Ring any bells?
Kai: Well, I can admit my "swordplay" is decent. And I have shown it off to those willing to pay me. Though, I'd imagine not as often as these rumors say.
Yumi: So, you're saying it HAS happened.
Kai: Since you seem so interested in my services, let me lay out my terms. Payment consists of both gold and information. If the info's not good enough, it's a no-go.
Yumi: Oh, it's good. Trust me. Working for the arena's got its perks.
Kai: In that case, how about we talk business over some drinks? Let's see how good that info of yours really is.
Yumi: Gladly.

B Support
Yumi: Kai, do you mind if I ask you something?
Kai: Depends on what it is.
Yumi: About the other night--
(Kai leaves.)
Yumi: Wha--Hey! You can't just run off like that!
(Scene transitions to outside.)
Yumi: *huff* There... *huff* you are...!
Kai: Aren't you persistent? Good job tailing me, but I'm still not gonna talk about that.
Yumi: But--
Kai: You gave me your payment and I delivered. Transaction's over. I make it a policy to not dwell on nights like that after the fact. It's best if you did the same, Yumi. I wouldn't want you to get attached.
Yumi: Get attached? Just what kind of girl do you take me for?!
Kai: I've seen this sort of thing happen before, Yumi. We start talking more, you pay for more one-on-one time, one thing leads to another--
Yumi: Don't be so full of yourself! You weren't even that great.
Kai: I... What?
Yumi: Oh, good. You're actually listening to me. Your performance was mediocre, Kai.
Kai: Huh. That's a first.
Yumi: It was such a drag! Where was the energy? The passion? Honestly, I feel bad for anyone who paid for such a poor display.
Kai: Well, my past clients were satisfied enough, so why should I care?
Yumi: Do you even hear yourself right now?! What about any future clients? You need to step it up for their sake. Be glad I'm not asking for a refund.
Kai: Wow, harsh words, Yumi. Harsh words. But, again, the transaction's done. End of discussion.
Yumi: Oh no, it's not. I am getting my money's worth out of you whether you like it or not.
Kai: Your money's worth? Oh, dear Merin, you're not suggesting...
Yumi: My quarters. I'll let you know when I'm free.
Kai: And if I refuse?
Yumi: I'm sure Her Highness would LOVE to know what her loyal retainer has been doing in his free time.
Kai: ... Fine.

A Support
Yumi: That wasn't any better than last time.
Kai: And I keep telling you I don't care. Whatever you're looking for, you're not gonna find it with me, Yumi.
Yumi: Why bother with this line of work then?
Kai: Because there's a demand. It's all a means to an end.
Yumi: Come on, you can't honestly believe that. Hasn't there been at least one client who you maybe... Wanted as more than just a client?
Kai: Nope. It's just a job to me.
Yumi: Do you just not like doing it?
Kai: I didn't say that. I just don't feel one way or another about it, is all.
Yumi: Really now...?
Kai: I know most people say they actually get excitement out of it, but not me. Like I said before, as long as we both get what we want out of it, I don't care how they feel. At the end of the day, it's a transaction.
Yumi: You know, if you said all that to begin with, I wouldn't have pestered you about it.
Kai: It's what I was trying to say from the start.
Yumi: Hmm... I suppose so. Sorry for wasting your time, Kai.
Kai: Hey, that's my line. I'll refund you the gold, Yumi. You said you'd want your money's worth, and you're not gonna get it. So, it'd be in your best interest to take it back.
Yumi: Keep it. Think of it as compensation for me being a bother.
Kai: Suit yourself. Anyway, I'd better get dressed and out the door. Better to slip out while it's still dark, after all.
Yumi: Yeah. See ya.
(Kai begins to leave.)
Kai: Hey. Before I go, I just wanna say thanks.
Yumi: Hm? For what?
Kai: Just... for being understanding.
Yumi: Yeah. Of course.