C Support
Taylor: Your Highness! How goes the training today?
Krista: Just finished up. And I'm guessing you're done with doing drills?
Taylor: Sure am! I was gonna head out to the tavern with the guys, and I was wondering if you wanted to join us.
Krista: I'm down! I've never been to the tavern before, so this should be fun.
(Scene transitions to the tavern.)
Taylor: Alright, here we are! Yo, Jimmy, a couple beers for me and Her Highness!
Bartender: Comin' right up, Taylor--Huh, the princess is with ya? Why didn't ya say so? Drinks are on the house today!
Krista: Ah, you don't have to--
Bartender: I insist, Your Highness. Please enjoy yourself!
Taylor: "Please"? Wow, that's a first, Jim.
Bartender: Shut it, Taylor. You want the beers or not?
Taylor: Yeah, yeah, just get to pouring 'em out already.
Bartender: Alright, you two, beers for the both of ya.
Krista: Thanks!
(Krista takes a sip.)
Krista: Hm...
Taylor: How is it?
Krista: It's, uh. Something.
Taylor: Ha! It's an acquired taste, I can admit that. Give it a couple more gulps and see how you feel.
Krista: If you say so.
(A few gulps later...)
Taylor: So, Your Highness, what d'ya think?
Krista: It's *hic!* good. Yup, reallll good... *hic!*
Taylor, thinking: Man, she didn't even get through half of her pint and she's already like this.
Taylor: Yo, Jimmy! Let the guys know I'm heading out early. Gotta take the princess home.
Bartender: You got it, Taylor. See y'all next time!

B Support
Taylor: Hey, Your Highness! Me and the guys are gonna head to the tavern again. Wanna come with?
Krista: Sure! I just gotta watch how much I'm drinking this time. Haha...
Taylor: I'll keep an eye on ya. Don't worry.
(Scene transitions to the tavern.)
Taylor: So, Your Highness, how're you enjoying yourself?
Krista: Taylor...? *hic!*
Taylor: Uh-huh?
Krista: Yer realllll handsome actually.
Taylor: Uh, thanks?
Taylor, thinking: Oh, Medea, this was probably a bad idea. How much did she have this time? Doesn't matter now, I guess. Okay, Taylor, calm down. Just gotta defuse the situation before--
(Krista scoots closer to Taylor.)
Krista: Y'know, we're both free tonight, so how's about we go back to yer room an'--
Taylor: Y-Your Highness, keep your shirt on! Alright, I really didn't want to do this, but desperate times call for desperate measures.
(Scene transitions to the castle.)
Taylor: Hey General Forrest can you please take care of the princess for me thanks bye!!
(Taylor hands off Krista to Forrest and leaves.)
Forrest: H-Huh?!
Krista: Mmn...? Forrest...?
Forrest: Krista, you were out drinking with Taylor, correct? Just how much did you have?
Krista: ... You've got a kissable face.
Forrest: I--That does not answer the question. On second thought, perhaps it does.
Krista: Hmm... Y'know, yer hands would be good fer squeezin' my--
Forrest: Let's get you to bed, Your Highness.

A Support
Taylor: Man, what's with all these empty bottles outside Krista's room? Hope she's doing alright.
(Taylor knocks on Krista's door.)
Taylor: Your Highness? You in there?
Krista: Urgh...
Taylor, thinking: That's not good. At least the door's unlocked.
Taylor: Your Highness, I'm coming in!
(Scene transitions to inside Krista's room.)
Taylor: Your Highness? Hey, are you okay?
Krista: Taylor...? Aw, Medea, can we talk later? I ain't feelin' too great.
Taylor: I can see that. And that's the exact reason why we gotta talk.
Krista: But--
Taylor: Nope, not hearing it. You need an intervention. Look at all this! Just how much have you been drinking lately, Krista?
Krista: I dunno? It's just a little bit...?
Taylor: You call this "a little"?
Krista: ...
Taylor: Drinking's fine every once in a while, but this is WAY too much. I'm surprised you're still able to hold a conversation after all this.
Krista: Yeah, well...
Taylor: Here, let's get this cleaned up. Then we can talk, alright?
Krista: O-Okay.
(After cleaning up...)
Krista: Dear Medea, my head...
Taylor: I'm gonna try to make this quick, then you can rest up. That okay with you, Your Highness?
Krista: Y-Yeah.
Taylor: I know you had fun at the tavern, but then drinking beyond that? That could lead to too much of a good thing, y'know?
Krista: Right...
Taylor: Sometimes we need to take the load off, but we can't just drop everything and forget all our responsibilities.
Krista: ...
Taylor: Yeah, I think I'm starting to get it now. Krista? It's been a pretty rough year, I know.
Krista: Taylor...
Taylor: I can't even begin to imagine what you've been going through. But drinking away your problems isn't the answer.
Krista: Taylor, I... I really miss him.
Taylor: I know, Krista.
Krista: If things were different, I wouldn't have...
Taylor: Hm?
Krista: I-I...
Taylor: It's alright, Krista. There, there. Just promise me you'll ease up on the drinking, okay? And if you need to talk about Ervan, you can always come to me.
Krista: O-Okay... Thank you.