C Support
Krista: Oh, great Medea, may your golden scales carry the weight of these sins--
(Aqua enters the scene.)
Aqua: Your Highness?
Krista: Aqua! You startled me.
Aqua: I'm sorry, did I interrupt your prayer? If so, I deeply apologize.
Krista: No worries. I was just... doing a daily prayer. Nothing incredibly sacred or anything.
Aqua: Nonsense! Any communication with your god should be treated with respect. Please, finish your prayer in peace. We can talk later.
Krista: Alright. Thanks, Aqua. But really, you don't have anything to apologize for.
Aqua: I still feel bad about it. Hm... Oh, I have an idea! Why don't we pray together from now on? That way, I won't walk in on you praying again.
Krista: Hm... Well, I guess that's fine if you're alright with it.
Aqua: Perfect! The next time you wish to pray, please let me know.

B Support
Aqua: Are you ready to begin, Your Highness?
Krista: I guess so. How do you suppose we go about this? Being from Foliaga, you worship Folia, right?
Aqua: Yes, that's right. While I'm used to praying aloud with others when I was with the clergy, I will be alright with us silently praying.
Krista: Okay, good. I mean, uh, sure. Fine by me.
Aqua: Then, let us begin.
(A few moments later...)
Aqua: ... Finished?
Krista: Yup. Hey, Aqua?
Aqua: Yes?
Krista: What kind of god is Folia like? Just curious.
Aqua: Ah, the Teal Wyrm Folia...
Aqua: He's a benevolent god, providing bountiful harvests and the beauties of nature to everyone in Foliaga. He treats his followers with love and care, and never turns his back on them, no matter the circumstance.
Krista: I see...
Aqua: And what about Medea? What is he like?
Krista: Hardy, all-knowing, and protective of Yondo as a whole. He strives for peace amongst his children and provides guidance to his followers. My family--the royal bloodline--are descendants of him, you know. We're expected to follow in his footsteps. Be not only a good leader to those in Medeas, but to all of Yondo as well. Considering everything, I wonder if I... S-Sorry, Aqua, I started to ramble a bit there, huh?
Aqua: No need to apologize, Your Highness. It was interesting to learn about Medea, especially when you have such a close connection to him. And if you don't mind me saying, I think you live up to be as good of a leader as Medea expects you to be.
Krista: I wonder...

A Support
Aqua: ...
Krista: ... I'm done. You good, Aqua?
Aqua: Yes. I'm glad we can do this together, Your Highness. Despite us worshipping different gods, I found this to be a pleasant experience.
Krista: Honestly, I agree. This wasn't as bad as I thought it would be.
Aqua: What do you mean?
Krista: I wasn't completely honest with you the other day, Aqua. When you walked in on me praying, I wasn't reciting a traditional daily prayer. I was asking Medea for forgiveness. I've been asking for forgiveness every day for the past year for something... I'm not really proud of.
Aqua: Oh my... I'm so sorry. If I knew, I--
Krista: Like I said, don't worry about it. Praying together like this, and when we talked about our gods... It all really put me at ease, you know.
Aqua: Really?
Krista: Yeah. For the past year, I always wondered if Medea would ever forgive me. If I was deserving of his forgiveness. But then I thought about what you said. How Folia always puts his children first and wants the best for them. All the Great Beasts are siblings, so I'm sure Folia's and Medea's kindness must have come from somewhere, right?
Aqua: Absolutely. And even if Medea doesn't find it in his heart to forgive you, I will. We're friends after all.
Krista: Thanks, Aqua. I really appreciate that.