C Support
Krista: Trevor! Just the man I wanted to see.
Trevor: Is there something I could assist you with, Your Highness?
Krista: Yup! I got a huge favor to ask. It's something that's been on my mind for literal years.
Trevor: Intriguing! Whatever could it be?
Krista: Could you teach me how to do magic?
Trevor: I... suppose? It is not that simple, however. Do you have any innate magical potential to begin with?
Krista: See, that's the thing. My mother was a priestess from Foliaga. So you'd think that would mean I could do magic myself.
Trevor: I am assuming that is not the case?
Krista: Not even close! I can handle enchanted swords just fine, but that's as far as I can go. But...
Trevor: But?
Krista: I wanna test a theory. I'm thinking maybe I'm just a late bloomer. And here's where you come in with this little experiment.
Trevor: I will guide you through the basics of magic and see if something happens?
Krista: Exactly! So, you in?
Trevor: I don't see why not. This could prove to be an enlightening experience.
Krista: Great! Just lemme know when you're free then we can get this rolling.

B Support
Krista: Alright, you ready?
Trevor: I believe so. I was thinking we should start with a simple fire spell. Fire is the easiest element to control as well as the easiest to monitor.
Krista: Got it! So, just gotta read from a tome and do the thing?
Trevor: Oh, if only it were that simple. Remember what I said about innate magic ability? That applies here. A tome does nothing if there is no energy to work with. Think of tomes as amplifiers of one's inner magic.
Krista: An amplifier, huh...?
Trevor: Yes, Your Highness?
Krista: Ah, nothing. It's just that you reminded me of something an old friend of mine told me a long time ago. She said something similar to that when explaining magic to me, if not that exact thing word for word.
Trevor: Oh...? Who was this friend of yours?
Krista: House Valoria's daughter. She was the one who was supposed to teach me magic in the first place. Y'know, if magic was actually passed down to me. It's their duty to teach the Medean royal family's heir magic stuff.
Trevor: I... see...
Krista: I hope she's doing well. It's been so long since I last saw her.
Trevor: I... I'm sure she is, Your Highness.
Krista: You doing okay, Trevor? You got quiet all of a sudden.
Trevor: Worry not. I am quite alright, Your Highness. Although, I would like to ask something about House Valoria's heir. If you do not mind, of course.
Krista: Go for it.
Trevor: At the time when she did try tutoring you in magic, what was she like? What did you think of her?
Krista: What, got a crush on her or something?
Trevor: Your Highness, please! I feel nothing of the sort!
Krista: Haha! Sorry, just wanted to tease ya. But really, I liked her a lot. She was my best friend. I didn't really have a lot of friends my age growing up. Besides Prince Ervan and his brother, I mean. When everyone noticed that magic wasn't a thing for me, House Valoria stopped sending their daughter to the castle. When Mother and Father told me she wouldn't be coming anymore, I couldn't stop crying.
Trevor: Your Highness...
Krista: It's okay. I got over it eventually.
Trevor: Do you still think of her?
Krista: Yeah, I do. Sometimes I wonder how much things would be different if magic came naturally to me. She'd probably be at my side along with Forrest and everyone else.
Trevor: ...
Krista: Something on your mind, Trevor?
Trevor: Ah, no. At any rate, shall we continue with the lesson?
Krista: Yeah! So, fire, huh?
Trevor: Yes. Here is how we shall do this...

A Support
Krista: Man, still nothing...
Trevor: Perhaps we should try something else? Like you said, you may just need some time. Let us try again tomorrow--
Krista: Trevor, it's okay. I think we should stop here.
Trevor: Your Highness?
Krista: I probably wasn't born with magical abilities, so I don't think this is gonna go anywhere. Thanks for trying this with me, though, Trevor.
Trevor: ...
Krista: H-Hey, no need to look so down! It's not a big deal--
Trevor: Your Highness... No. Krista. I apologize. I have failed you years ago, and I have failed you now.
Krista: Huh? What are you talking about?
Trevor: All my life, I could not meet anyone's expectations. My family turned its back on me. My duty as the Valoria scion was unfulfilled. Then fate chose to bring me back to you.
Krista: Whoa, whoa, whoa! Slow down there! Trevor, you can't be suggesting... Th-There's no way...
Trevor: It is as you suspect.
Krista: All this time, YOU were House Valoria's daughter?!
Trevor: I stripped myself of that identity the moment I left home six months ago. I thought I was done with the past. And yet, it has come back to haunt me. For a moment, I had the hope things would turn out differently. That I could redeem myself of at least one failure. I was wrong. So, so wrong.
Krista: Trevor...
Trevor: I am a fool to think anything in my life would turn out right for me! Does Medea just want me to suffer? To torment me with reminders of my shortcomings? This cursed past of mine... why can I not leave it all behind...? It is all so agonizing! Oh, Medea, what have I done to deserve this?!
Krista: Trevor, stop that right now!
Trevor: K-Krista?
Krista: Are you even hearing yourself? Saying all those things... That's not the Trevor I know!
Trevor: But--
Krista: No "buts"! Trevor, listen to me. You didn't fail me in the slightest. Like I said before, I missed you and kept thinking about you. And here you are! You're back! It's all I could have ever wanted. The only thing I wish was that I knew it was you sooner.
Trevor: Krista... I... I am so sorry...
Krista: You don't have to apologize for anything. It isn't your fault things didn't turn out the way people expected. It's nobody's fault. Sometimes life is unfair like that. Despite all that, you chose to shape your own future. And I think that's amazing, Trevor. You're not a failure. You never were.
Trevor: Even after all this time, you choose to be kind to me. I do not deserve this. And yet... I thank you. If you believe in me, perhaps I can start believing in myself too.

S Support
Trevor: Your Highness--I mean, Krista. I... I mean... Erm...
Krista: You don't gotta be formal around me if you don't want to, Trev. Now that I know who you are, I think it would be nice if we could talk to each other like we did when we were kids, y'know?
Trevor: Ah, yes. Of course. You have a point.
Krista: So go ahead and loosen up already! You look like you're gonna collapse at any moment.
Trevor: Sorry, I just... Krista, there's something I need to say. Something super important!
Krista: What's up?
Trevor: Krista, I gotta be honest with you. I... I've loved you for as long as I can remember. When my family introduced me to you, I fell in love at first sight. You were just so pretty and when I actually got to know you, I couldn't help but fall for you more.
Krista: H-Huh? Trevor, this is really sudden! What brought this on?
Trevor: I did a lot of thinking, and I knew I had to tell you at some point. I knew I couldn't back then. Nothing would've ever happened between us. You were to be engaged to a Fuegan noble. That's how things were supposed to go. And even then, I was a girl. You had to produce an heir down the line.
Krista: Trevor...
Trevor: Even now, I think that what I'm about to do is stupid. But I have to try! If I don't, I'll never live it down.
Krista: "What you're about to--Trevor, is that a ring?!
Trevor: Krista, I... I can't see myself as a failure any longer. This is the final thing I have failed to do: tell you how I truly felt about you. Accepting me, rejecting me... It doesn't matter to me anymore! Even being by your side merely as your retainer will be enough, if it comes to that.
Krista: Trevor, stop right there.
Trevor: K-Krista?
Krista: That is no way to do a proper marriage proposal. Don't set yourself up for a rejection like that! Keep your head high and propose to me like you really mean it, lover boy!
Trevor: You know what? You're right! Ahem! Krista, I've loved you for the longest time. I've forged my own path in this life, and I'd be overjoyed if you chose to walk this path alongside me. So then... will you marry me, Krista?
Krista: Now THAT'S what I call a proposal.
Trevor: Um, does that mean "yes", or...?
Krista: It sure does!