C Support
Krista: Hey, Semi! How're you doing today?
Semi: ...
Krista: So, uh, wanna hang out or something?
Semi: ...
Krista: We could sit around in the courtyard. Or maybe have some quiet time in the library?
Krista: Or! We could eat at the dining hall! I heard the cooks got some really good mutton today!
Semi: Can't you go bother someone else?!
Krista: And the boy speaks! It's a miracle! My offers still stand, by the way.
Semi: I'll use small words so you can understand. No.
Krista: Technically, that was only one small word.
Semi: For the love of... Why the hell do you want to spend time with me so badly?
Krista: Well, since we're working together and all, I figured we could try to be friends? Since--let's be real--you've been hostile to me ever since we met.
Semi: Oh, so you finally notice.
Krista: Look, I just wanna know why. I haven't done anything to you.
Semi: It doesn't matter if you did anything or not. Just leave me alone.
(Semi leaves.)
Krista: Semi, wait! ... What's his problem?

B Support
Krista: Hi, Semi!
Semi: How many times have I told you to leave me alone?
Krista: I can probably count how many on both hands.
Semi: The correct answer is too many.
Krista: And yet nothing has changed. Semi, my friend-not-friend, we have reached a standstill.
Semi: Ugh... Look, if I tell you why I don't like you, will you leave me alone?
Krista: Can't guarantee it, but I might if the reason sounds valid.
Semi: Alright. Don't expect me to pull any punches here.
Krista: Not like you ever did with me in the first place. Go for it. I can take it.
Semi: Don't say I didn't warn you. So, I lived with my mother for most of my life here in Medeas. We lived out in the countryside. She was a weaver and sold the tapestries she made to keep us fed.
Krista: What about your father?
Semi: He left us before I was even born. My mother never talked about him beyond that. My mother... She was all I had.
Krista: ... What happened to her?
Semi: Arrested for blasphemy.
Krista: What?
Semi: You heard me. Thrown in the dungeons just because one of her tapestries depicted Medea wrong. I know his body looked a little off, but that shouldn't be something someone should be arrested for!
Krista: His body...?
Semi: It doesn't matter now. Your family took my mother away from me for such a stupid reason! I can never forgive any of you for this. She was all I had and now she's gone.
Krista: Semi...
Semi: And that's it. Everything I loved was stripped from me. And it's all your family's fault. There. Happy?
Krista: ...
(Semi leaves.)
Krista: Semi! ... I'd better check out the dungeons.

A Support
Krista: Semi?
Semi: ...
Krista: About your mother, I talked things over with the dungeon guards. Long story short, your mother's a free woman.
Semi: What?
Krista: Yup. They let her go. I told them what you told me, and they let her go free. Unfortunately and unsurprisingly, your mother was in bad shape, so I'm having our clerics look after her 'til she gets better. Once she's back on her feet, we're sending her back home.
Semi: You... You seriously did that?
Krista: Yeah, of course! She shouldn't have been arrested in the first place.
Semi: Why bother going through all that trouble, though? You did this for a complete stranger. A complete stranger who allegedly was a criminal, no less.
Krista: It was the right thing to do. And I can understand what you went through. It's hard losing someone you love too soon. I know the feeling too well.
Semi: ...
Krista: Unlike me, you have an opportunity to see her again. I wouldn't want to take that away from you. I know this won't make up for the years she was gone, but now you'll have something to go back to once this is all over.
Semi: ...
Krista: Anyway, that's all I wanted to talk to you about. See ya later.
(Krista begins to leave.)
Semi: Krista.
Krista: H-Huh? Yeah?
Semi: ... Thanks.
Krista: No big deal. That's what friends are for.
Semi: Don't push it.
Krista: Sure, sure.