C Support
Sam: Anil! Hey!
Anil: ? !!
(Anil leaves the scene.)
Sam: What the--?! Hey, come back!
(Scene transitions to the castle gardens.)
Sam: *huff* *huff* Anil, where are you?! Krista needs you for something! Man, not here either... Anil!!
(Sam leaves the scene, and Anil enters.)
Anil: ...
Anil, thinking: Whose bright idea was it to recruit the Prowling Tiger into this army? Oh, Oreg, he's even bigger than the rumors say...
(Sam re-enters the scene.)
Sam: Found you!
Anil: !!!
(Anil leaves the scene.)
Sam: Get back here, you!!
(Sam chases after Anil.)

B Support
Sam: Anil, we need to talk. Er. Sign. Or, uh... Look, you know what I mean!
Anil: [Nope.]
Sam: What do you mean "nope"?! Look, I just wanna know why you've been avoiding me.
Anil: [There is no way I'm going to get along with the Prowling Tiger.]
Sam: Uh, the prowling what now?
Anil: [The Prowling Tiger! The infamous mercenary who's been killing bandits up and down southern Oregot.]
Sam: Alright, hold it, hold it, hold it! I have SO many questions. First off, people have heard about me? They have a NICKNAME for me??
Anil: [What did you expect? You've taken out thousands of bandit camps the last five years at least!]
Sam: Hundreds? Maybe. But THOUSANDS? Someone out there's exaggerating things. And what was that about being a mercenary? Sure, there were some mercenaries who taught me stuff, but that was it.
Anil: [So you at least admit to killing a mass number of bandits?]
Sam: Yeah, but it's not like I wanted to be famous for it. I had my own reasons for doing what I had to do.
Anil: [Like what? Money? Enacting justice?]
Sam: Protecting someone.
Anil: ?
Sam: Bandits kidnapped Krista years ago. I couldn't let that happen ever again.
Anil: ...
Sam: Not just her either. Everyone I love will not get hurt by bandits again. Not on my watch.
Anil: [Just be thankful you didn't make your way up north. Because if you pulled the same thing there,] [you'd have bandits out for vengeance against you too. And one of those bandits could've been me.]
Sam: What?
Anil: [We're done here. Bye.]
(Anil leaves the scene.)
Sam: Now, hold on! ... So, he used to be a bandit, huh?

A Support
Sam: Anil, I got some stuff I wanna say.
Anil: ... ?
Sam: First off, I'm not apologizing for anything I did back in Oregot. I've got my reasons and I stand firm by what I've done. Secondly, I'm not gonna kill you. You're doing your part in this army, so it'd be a waste.
Anil: [Keeping me alive because I'm useful? Really uplifting. Thanks.]
Sam: That's not what I meant. You're here helping us save the world while all those other bandits are robbing and razing.
Anil: [Yeah, and you killing them never gives them a chance to take a different path.]
Sam: Look, I ain't gonna sit around thinking about "what ifs?" The way I see it, if they die a low life, then that's how it's supposed to be. If they go on and clean up their act, then that's how that's supposed to go too.
Anil: ...
Sam: Life can go in many directions. Some good, some bad. The thing is, you can't look at the other paths because a lot of the time, you can't even take 'em anymore. The best thing you can do is look forward and keep following the path you're on.
Anil: [Then, no regrets on your end? Not even any random, embarrassing memories?]
Sam: Nah--Actually, there was this one time I was giving Krista axe lessons and--Gah! No, no, nuh-uh, I'm not telling you about that. Man, that was bad.
Anil: [So, even the mighty Prowling Tiger has his own hang-ups.]
Sam: Wipe that smug look off your face! It's your fault you brought up that memory.
Anil: [Not sorry. But, you know, I think I get what you're saying. I met Ecco years ago, and it's because of her I left my old gang. I can't even begin to imagine what would've happened if we never met. And honestly, I don't want to know.]
Sam: I wouldn't either. We might've...
Anil: ...
Sam: Aw, forget it. No "what if's," right?
Anil: *nods*
Sam: Like I said, you're good to have around, Anil. And for more than just your contributions to the army. You're a good guy.
Anil: [You're not bad yourself, Mister Prowling Tiger.]