C Support
Taylor: Hey, you! You're Michael, right?
Michael: Yes, sir!
Taylor: Why don't you show me what you can do? Come at me!
Michael: I'll do my best!
(One spar later...)
Taylor: For your age, you're not bad. You have good control over your lance. Your attacks are a little slow though.
Michael: I'm sorry, sir.
Taylor: I'm not criticizing you, kid. Just making observations. On the flip side, your defenses are excellent. For most people, it would be hard to get any meaningful attacks on you.
Michael: Thank you, Sir Taylor! Er, Sir Taylor?
Taylor: What is it, kid? And don't call me "sir" all the time. Just Taylor is fine.
Michael: Okay, Si-- ... Taylor. Why did you become a knight?
Taylor: Because I get to ride a fu-- ... A *fast* horse. I dash around the battlefield and look damn sexy while doing it. Also, I can get myself a couple shots of whiskey every night. Speaking of which, let's go relax at the tavern!
(Taylor leaves.)
Michael: Going to the tavern doesn't seem very knightly. I guess if Sir Taylor does it, it's okay. Still, I don't know about this. What would mom say?
# Original script by Berserker Sam #

B Support
Taylor: Come on, put your backs into it! Let's go, let's go!
Soldier 1: Hya!
Soldier 2: Hoh!!
Taylor: Andddd... halt! Great work today, men.
Soldier 1: Sir!
Taylor: At ease, soldier. Now, who's up for a round of drinks!?
Soldier 1: Me, Captain!
Soldier 2: Same here, Cap!
Taylor: Haha, great to hear! You guys go on ahead. I'll catch up in a bit.
(Taylor comes up to Michael.)
Taylor: So, learn anything, Michael?
Michael: You lead your men amazingly, Sir T--Uh, Taylor. But...
Taylor: Something the matter?
Michael: Oh, not at all! It's just that with how you are in the training yard compared to how you are at the tavern... It's like seeing night and day.
Taylor: What do you expect? I can't have a stick up my a--... My *side* all day. And I can't be a lolly-gagger all the time either. You gotta strike a balance with these things, Michael.
Michael: That's... surprisingly wise.
Taylor: Thanks! Wait, what do you mean by "surprisingly"?
Michael: Er, n-nothing! Anyway, thanks again for letting me observe, Taylor.
Taylor: No problem. Now, come on, Michael! The tavern awaits!
Michael: Huh?! I'm coming too?
Taylor: Of course you are! Let's go!
(Taylor leaves and drags Michael with him.)
Michael: Wah!!

A Support
Taylor: Here's to another great training session, boys! Bottoms up!
Soldier 1: Woooo!
Soldier 2: Yeah!!
(Camera pans over to Taylor and Michael.)
Michael: I don't think I'll ever get used to this...
Taylor: Michael, my friend, I think it's about time we get you the strong stuff.
Michael: Wait, what?
Taylor: This is your first step to manhood! Finish up that mug of water then we'll get you a pint of the good stuff.
Michael: I-I don't think that's a good idea--
(Taylor forces the Michael's mug to his lips.)
Michael: Urk?!
Taylor: Down the hatch, Mike!
Michael: *Gulp!* *Gasp!* Oh dear Folia--
Taylor: There we go!
(A barmaid approaches.)
Taylor: Hey, get some ale in my friend's mug here!
expression;Woman3;Smile
Barmaid: On the way, sir!
Michael: Uh, that's not necessary--
(The barmaid leaves.)
Taylor: You've been workin' so damn hard all this time, Mikey! It's time you let loose!
Michael: How did you get this drunk that fast?
(The barmaid returns.)
Barmaid: One mug-full of ale coming up!
Michael: I, uh--
(The barmaid pours ale into Michael's mug and leaves.)
Michael: Oh. Okay. Hm... Maybe just a sip wouldn't hurt. As long as I keep track of how much I'm drinking, I should be fine.
(A few drinks later...)
Taylor: ♫ Fill up my tankard with a pint of fresh ale~ ♫
Michael: ♫ An' 'til th' mornin' comes, never mind what entails~ ♫
Taylor: ♫ For when that hard whisky be sloshin' in mine cup~ ♫
Michael: ♫ Both th' beer and the bitters will raise my soul up~! ♫
Taylor: Woooo!!!
(Taylor and Michael collapse.)
Soldier 1: Andddd they're down. Let's take 'em home, Greg.
Soldier 2: No need to tell me twice.