C Support
Alex: Ah, there you are, Taylor. Training again, I see.
Taylor: Alex, hey! Need me for something?
Alex: Yes, actually. I have something I wish to discuss with you.
Taylor: I'm all ears.
Alex: It seems all you do is train. Don't you have anything else you do during your free time?
Taylor: Uh, I go to the tavern?
Alex: I am well-aware of that.
Taylor: Speaking of which, wanna grab a drink after I'm done with training for the day? My treat!
Alex: No. I do not want a repeat of last time.
Taylor: Oh, come on! I'll limit myself to three mugs of ale this time!
Alex: Taylor--Never mind. We're getting off topic. You may be physically strong, but you need to be mentally strong too. That's why I'll lend you this.
Taylor: A book?
Alex: Yes. Luckily for you, I picked something I think you'll enjoy: "The Trials of Sir Aaron". The battle scenes are quite exhilarating, and the main character is a noble, brave warrior. Much like you, in a way.
Taylor: Heh. Flattery will get you nowhere, Alex. Still, I'll give this whole "reading" thing a go. You obviously put a lot of thought into this. I'd hate to disappoint my best friend.
Alex: Thank you, Taylor. Let me know what you think of it when you're done.

B Support
Taylor: Hey, Alex, about that book you lent me...
Alex: Oh, you finished it? What did you think?
Taylor: I'm gonna be blunt here: Terrible.
Alex: Really? Why do you say that?
Taylor: You know that part when Aaron was going one-on-one against that general? That was the worst display of swordsmanship I've ever seen! ... Read. Whatever.
Alex: I thought it was a heart-racing moment. His sword pierced right through his armor, and he took him down in one blow!
Taylor: Yeah, but piercing through PLATE? That stuff's thick! There's no way Aaron's blade could've done that. And stuff like that keeps happening over and over through the entire book!
Alex: There's this thing called "suspension of disbelief", you know.
Taylor: Well, my disbelief is far from suspended. Anyway, here. You can have your book back.
Alex: Thank you. *sigh* I suppose I will have to re-think my approach...
Taylor: I don't get what the big deal is. Why would I read about fighting when I do it all the time? Hm?{c:wait;100} Looks like she forgot one of her books.
Taylor: Let's see... "Tryst by Moonlight". Wonder what this is about?

A Support
Alex: Taylor, I seem to have misplaced one of my books. It's called "Tryst by Moonlight". Have you seen it?
Taylor: Oh, yeah! You dropped it the other day. Here you go.
Alex: What a relief! I thought I would never find it again. Thank you, Taylor. This is one of my favorites.
Taylor: I can see why. It's pretty good!
Alex: Wait, you read it?
Taylor: And finished it!
Alex: Is that so? What did you think of it?
Taylor: The relationship between Percy and Lana is sweet, if a little tragic. All that hardship, just for Percy to die at the end... Poor Lana. Gotta admit, I teared up.
Alex: Huh. Well, I'm glad you enjoyed it. I would have never thought you'd be a romantic, Taylor.
Taylor: Me neither! So, you got more stuff like that?
Alex: I do. Would you like something bittersweet again or something more lighthearted?
Taylor: Something lighthearted this time. I don't feel like crying over a book again. Maybe some other time.
Alex: Haha! I'll see what I have, then.

S Support
Taylor: Oh, Alex. Here's "Passing Ships in the Night" back.
Alex: Ah, thank you, Taylor. Did you like it?
Taylor: Yeah, not bad. Thanks for all the book recommendations, by the way. I've been liking all of them!
Alex: You're welcome. I'm glad.
Taylor: Speaking of which, I stopped by the marketplace and got you something.
Alex: A book for me? Hm... It has no title.
Taylor: I know. You gotta open it up.
Alex: Let's see...
Alex: Wait, it's a fake book? W-With a ring inside? Taylor, are you...?
Taylor: "I bestow upon thee this ring unto thine finger." "Like the blade clasped in my right hand and the shield in my left," "may this ring be a symbol of my undying oath to protect and serve you, my beloved."
Alex: You memorized Percy's proposal to Lana? Just for me?
Taylor: Yeah. That's not too lame, is it?
Alex: No, not at all. It's really sweet, actually.
Taylor: So, what do you say, Alex? Will you marry me?
Alex: Yes, of course, Taylor! I wouldn't have it any other way.