C Support
Marina: Oh, hello, Alex. A reader yourself, I see. Mind if I join you?
Alex: Not at all. Actually, I do need someone to converse with. Please take a seat and let me pour you a cup of tea.
Marina: Why, thank you.
(Marina takes a seat.)
Marina: Now, what is on your mind?
Alex: Someday I would like to find my own white knight who could protect my honor.
Marina: There is something appealing about a dashing champion, isn't there? However, I'm afraid that while there are good men in the world, there isn't a Mister Perfect.
Alex: Oh, I know that. Everyone's human. That's not quite the dilemma.
Marina: What is it then, dear? You look like something is troubling you.
Alex: It's... It's me. I worry that an eligible and reputable man would find me lacking. You, though, probably have many suitors.
Marina: While it is true that there are many who like the idea of being with me, it isn't Marina they want to be with. It's MARINA they want.
Alex: I don't understand.
Marina: They don't want me, Alex. They want the woman they see on the posters. The woman they see on the stage. They want THAT Marina.
Alex: I'm sorry. I didn't mean to complain.
Marina: I know, dear. I wasn't suggesting you were. I only meant that you don't have to worry about people falling over each other for an IDEA of you. They will want you for you.
Alex: Want me for me?
Marina: You may not have what some call "the perfect body", but you have your own appeal. There's something to be said about a moderate woman.
Alex: I never considered that. Still, I wonder if I would even catch someone's eye. While I'm not looking for a Prince Charming, I'm looking for someone I can fall in love with. Someone to marry and look after. And he would look after me in return.
Marina: Alex. You have more going for you than you realize. While you are mature enough to understand there is no Prince Charming, you shouldn't worry about being the perfect girl either. There are still men who don't care about perfect. They just want a loving wife. Unfortunately for me, being a dancer makes finding such a man difficult. But they do exist.
Alex: I see. Thank you, Marina.
Marina: No, thank YOU, Alex. It was a lovely talk, and thank you for the tea. If you feel the need to talk about any other concerns, please don't hesitate to come to me.
# Original script by Berserker Sam #

B Support
Alex: Marina, may I ask you something?
Marina: Of course, dear. What seems to be the trouble?
Alex: I was thinking about our conversation the other day. What is it like being a dancer? It seems like you enjoy the stage, but the experience isn't without hardship.
Marina: An accurate observation, Alex. Dancing is my strongest passion. Expressing myself through my movements and losing myself to the beat is exhilarating. However, with my skill came the jealousy of other dancers and the attention of some rather uncouth suitors.
Alex: I shudder to think what "uncouth" precisely means in this context.
Marina: Men who only wished to see their base desires met, Alex. Money, fame, carnal fascination... Though, I can't blame them for wanting such things from me. It's understandable when you have a certain beauty and talent about you.
Alex: You almost sound proud of the unwanted attention.
Marina: When I was younger, I most definitely was. A crowd is a crowd no matter who was in it. Though, I came to realize that such things are temporary. The body ages and you're not quite as spry and alluring as you used to be. No one wants to see an old hag shake her stuff.
Alex: Please, Marina. You're not that old. I'd say you still have a charm to your appearance. And your dances are a marvel to witness. I can only imagine how even more beautiful you and your dances were years ago.
Marina: Oh, Alex, you flatter me so. Keep talking like that, and I'm sure you can string along any man you desire.
Alex: Ah, well, I'm only saying what I think.
Marina: And I'm saying your honesty is an admirable trait. Don't be afraid to share your opinions, dear. There are men out there who appreciate an intellectual woman like yourself.
Alex: Er, a-alright.
Marina: Oh, no need to be so embarrassed. Like I said before, you'll find someone who will love you for who you are. Why, I'd go so far as to say you've charmed me by just being yourself.
Alex: P-Pardon?
Marina: Just teasing you, dear. But in all honesty, spending time with you does make me feel young again.
Alex: I'm glad to hear that. I enjoy spending time with you too.
