C Support
Celeste: Miss Felicity said that we needed more firewood. So glad she asked me to do it. It just means more axe practice! Okay, log, you’re dead! Oh, and so are you! Chop! Chop! Chop!
(Masashi enters the scene.)
Masashi: Goodness! What on earth is that child up to?
(Masashi approaches Celeste.)
Masashi: Excuse me, little lady?
Celeste: Huh? Who are you? Wait, aren't you that arrow guy who's always talking to girls?
Masashi: ... My name is Masashi, and I'm an archer, yes. And yes, I suppose I do talk to girls a lot. That is all beside the point. At any rate, what are you up to?
Celeste: Miss Felicity needed some more firewood, so I got asked to do it. HOORAH! Chop!
[THE FOLLOWING LINES NEED REVISION]
	Masashi: Why wasn't Michael asked? Chopping wood is hard work fo……well it’s hard work can be really exhausting.
	Celeste: Have you seen him use an axe before?
	Masashi: No I can’t say I have
	Celeste: Exactly CHOP!
[END REVISION SECTION]
Masashi: Still, you should use a more elegant weapon. Not a brutish weapon like an axe.
	Celeste: And what would you suggest, mister? A sword? Everyone uses a sword but I’m the only girl with an axe..or I was until Taiga. Point still stands! [LINE NEEDS REVISION]
Masashi: Swords are a fine weapon. But, no, little lady. I had the bow in mind
Celeste: A bow?
Masashi: Absolutely. Truly a fine, elegant weapon that only the most gifted use.
Celeste: Why do you say only the most gifted?
[THE FOLLOWING LINES MAY NEED REVISION]
	Masashi: How many archers are there in the army?
	Celeste: Well, there's you and...
	Masashi “Exactly.”
	Celeste “Don’t use my own words against me mister! That’s mean.” (is smiling though)
	Masashi “Wouldn’t dream of it. Shall I show you how to use a bow?
[END POSSIBLE REVISION SECTION]
Celeste: Sure! Just as soon as I finish chopping this wood. CHOP!
Masashi: Celeste, wait!
Celeste: Huh?
Masashi: Don't hit that piece you just split. With some work, that would make a great bow. Could I have it? I can fashion it into a bow for you.
Celeste: Oh? Okay, go ahead.
[THE FOLLOWING LINES NEED MINOR REVISION]
	Masashi: Here before I go mind pulling the string on my bow? I want an idea how strong you are.
	Celeste: I'm strong!
	Masashi: Not like that. Bows are very different from lifting big logs or boulders.
	Celeste “Oh, ok I’ll give it a try. Hurgh….hurgh. Why is such a slim piece of string so hard to pull?
	Masashi “You did better than I thought you would. Thank you Celeste, I’ll catch up with you when I finish making a bow that you can draw.
	Celeste “Ok mister! This sounds fun!
	Masashi thinking (Impressive she’s a good kid but she needs to be directed down a proper path or there’s no telling what she’ll grow up into. She has an impressive draw pull though I better get to work)
# Original Script by Berserker Sam #