C Support
Viola asks Chell about Krista, Forrest, and, Kai's expeditions to Oregot. Chell doesnt want to go into detail and tells her that maybe she'll tell her when she's older. This only confuses Viola and she insists she's old enough to know now. Chell leaves, unwilling to take the conversation further

B support
Viola reports back to Chell about asking Krista, Forrest, and Kai, and she says that they all basically gave her the same answer that Chell did. Viola is frustrated that the rest of the team doesnt treat her like the adult she is and it isnt her fault that "her head isnt all there sometimes" Before Chell can ask what Viola meant by that, Viola storms off.

A support
Chell checks up on Viola and apologizes for not being more respectful of Viola's intelligence and for not being more honest about why she didnt allow Viola to come along with her to rescue Krista during the events of chapter 1. Chell not only thought that Viola was too immature to handle a big rescue mission but she also didnt want to lose the only family she had left. Viola says that she misses their parents and describes the way she copes with the trauma of losing them as "trying to go back to when things were simple". She wants to prove to Chell that she's mature enough to handle herself on important missions but even she herself realizes that reverting to a less mature state of mind makes things difficult for those around her, but she cant help it. Letting herself act more childlike allows herself to forget the stress of being an adult and dealing with the loss of their parents if only for a little while.

====
C Support
Viola: Uh, Chell?
Chell: Yes what is it Viola? You doing alright? You're Pegasus ok?
Viola: Yes she and I are fine it's just...I was wondering..
Chell: Yes?
Viola: So you like Sam right?
Chell: Of course.
Viola: Like...a lot? Like more than Forrest or one of your other friends.
Chell: Definantly more than I like Forrest, Forrest is a good friend but I don't feel like...let's just say that there are certain secrets and things I'd like to share with Sam and only Sam and I don't feel like sharing them with say Forrest as good of a friend as he is.
Viola: Oh ok! So have you two had sex yet?
Chell: VIOLA!!!
Viola: What?
Chell: THAT is a private matter, besides do you even know what Sex is?
Viola: Of course I do! It's when...uh...um...hmm...could you explain what it is?
Chell: No.
Viola: Oh mannnn
Chell: Where did that come from
Viola: Well Felicity says that when a woman likes a man she needs to stake her claim or some other woman will take him instead and the best way to do that is to seduce him and make him have sex with you
Chell: Sigh...What else has Felicity been telling you
Viola: Oh lots of things for instance-
CHell: Nevermind, forget I asked just remember some thing are private and personal and while a good think are also not something you talk with just anybody.
Viola: Like sex?
Chell: ...Yes like sex...
# Original script by Berserker Sam