C Support
Tsubaki: Let's see, there seems to be enough rations for everyone--Kya!!
(Haruki enters the scene.)
Haruki: Lady Tsubaki, are you alright?! I heard you scream and--Oh, Rocky, there you are! Man, I was worried sick about you. Get over here!
Tsubaki: Haruki? W-What...?
Haruki: Oh, Merin, I'm sorry, Lady Tsubaki! Rocky must've gotten into one of the open food crates when I wasn't looking. Did he startle you?
Tsubaki: Th-That beetle is...?
Haruki: He's my friend! 

B Support
Tsubaki: There you are, Haruki! Here, I have some fresh fruit from the market for Rocky.
Haruki: Oh, uh... Thanks, Lady Tsubaki.
Tsubaki: Is something wrong?
Haruki: About Rocky... He's... Well, he was getting pretty old, so...
Tsubaki: O-Oh. I'm so sorry, Haruki.
Haruki: It's alright. I gave him a proper burial and everything.
Tsubaki: ...
Haruki: ... Hey, what kinda fruit do you got there?
Tsubaki: Um, some oranges and apricots.
Haruki: Nice! Rocky would've loved those. How about we eat them together? It would be a waste not to.
Tsubaki: Alright.
Haruki: Mm! Sweet! Nice find, Lady Tsubaki.
Tsubaki: Thank you, Haruki. ...
Haruki: Something up?
Tsubaki: Ah, no. It's just... Are you sure you're going to be okay?
Haruki: I've had my time to mourn, and it was only a matter of time. I'll be fine, Lady Tsubaki. Really.
Tsubaki: I... I see. I'm sorry, I just remembered I have other business to attend to. I'll see you later, Haruki.
Haruki: Oh, okay. See ya.
(Tsubaki leaves.)
Haruki: She seemed more tense than usual. Hm...

A Support
[]
Haruki: The thing about goodbyes is that you don't know when they're gonna happen, Lady Tsubaki. And you can prepare for them all you want, but it's still gonna hurt when they happen.
Tsubaki: So, what then? Just resign to being alone forever?
Haruki: Nah, that ain't good for anybody. Think about it this way: the reason it hurts is because you really cared about the person leaving, right?
Tsubaki: That's... That's true.
Haruki: And the reason you care was because you got close to them and spent so much time with them. I think that's a good thing, Lady Tsubaki. I know I'm gonna be sad once this is all over. You're gonna go back to being the princess of Merinas, and I'm gonna go back home to Aotani. But at least we'll have our memories of the good times.
Tsubaki: Yes... You're right, Haruki.
Haruki: And, hey, it doesn't have to be goodbye forever! I'll come by the castle if I can! I've got dreams of travelling the world, but that doesn't mean I won't come back to Merinas every once in a while.
Tsubaki: I'd like that very much, Haruki. I'll make sure you are welcomed with open arms.

S Support