C Support
Kai: Sumire?
Sumire: Zzz...
Kai: Rise n' shine, Sumire!
Sumire: Ah! I'm up, I'm up! Oh, hey there, Kai. What's up?
Kai: Mind enlightening me on something? I figured you'd probably have some insight on certain things.
Sumire: What're you wondering about?
Kai: What's with everyone thinking I'm some shameless skirt chaser?
Sumire: Oh, that! There were rumors going around of a real looker of a mercenary doing... "side work." And well, his description pretty much matched yours, so...
Kai: ... Ah.
Sumire: But that couldn't be right. The Kai I know wouldn't make passes at a girl. He's too focused on all that cool ninja stuff to even think about romance! Right?
Kai: Glad you understand, Sumire--
Sumire: Heck yeah!
Kai: But--
Sumire: Oh dear Merin, why are you saying "but"? Kai, what have you been doing?? You didn't knock up some poor, innocent noblewoman while you were off doing Merin knows what--
Kai: Sumire!! Man, with how you're reacting, I wouldn't be surprised if YOU were the reason why these rumors started cropping up.
Sumire: H-Hey, don't look at me! I'm about as clueless about how all this started as you are.
Kai: *sigh* Still, on one hand, I don't particularly care if some nobodies think that of me. On the other hand, if word gets out to the others in the army... Well, things will be more complicated than I'd like them to be.
Sumire: Agreed. But hey, that only matters if any of that is actually true. Which it isn't, right?
Kai: ...
Sumire: ... Kai, you're supposed to agree with me there.
Kai: ...
(Kai leaves the scene.)
Sumire: What the-- Kai! Don't avoid the question like that!!
(Sumire chases after him.)

B Support
Sumire: Hm... Hmmmm... Yeah, no. That wouldn't work at all.
Kai: Whatcha thinking about there, Sumire?
Sumire: Kai! Quick question for you.
Kai: Yeah?
Sumire: Do you think you'd be a good dad?
Kai: What? Hell no.
Sumire: I was thinking the same thing. "Ain't nothing fatherly about Kai," I thought!
Kai: Am I gonna regret asking why you were thinking about this in the first place?
Sumire: Well, with you fooling around lately--
Kai: I never confirmed that.
Sumire: You didn't deny it either! As I was saying, there's a real possibility that a Kai Jr. could be out there somewhere. Or, at least gonna be at some point.
Kai: That's a frightening thought.
Sumire: Exactly! That poor mother is gonna be out there with her kid and no dad to take care of them. It's too sad, Kai! How dare you subject them to this tragedy!
Kai: Hey, hey, hey! Let's reel that back to reality here. Sumire, you know me. Am I the type of guy who doesn't plan ahead?
Sumire: Of course not.
Kai: See? I've taken all the necessary precautions to make sure that doesn't happen.
Sumire: What sort of precautions?
Kai: Are you sure you want the details?
Sumire: ... Hm.
Kai: Exactly. Besides, even that did happen, it's not my problem.
Sumire: "Not your problem"?! Kai, that's--
Kai: Nothing you're about say is gonna convince me otherwise. Anyway, I gotta get going. See ya later, Sumire.
(Kai leaves.)
Sumire: Man, that's way too cruel, Kai...