C Support
Tsurugi: Let's see... So this pack of merchandise is going... That way! Or, wait, was that town down this road? Hm...
(Kai enters the scene.)
Kai: Hey, Tsurugi. Looking a little lost there.
Tsurugi: Oh, Mister Kai! Fancy seeing you here. What might you be up to?
Kai: Nothing in particular, just passing through. But looks like you need a little help there.
Tsurugi: Uh, yes, actually. I have this delivery to make, but I don't remember how to get to this town.
Kai: Well, it'll help if you hold the map right-side up.
Tsurugi: Wha? O-Oh! Haha... Whoops.
Kai: So, you'd take that road, follow it for about half a mile, turn left at the fork, and there you are.
Tsurugi: Thank you very much, Mister Kai. I was never really good at reading maps or navigation in general.
Kai: Huh. Makes me wonder how you make those deliveries on time.
Tsurugi: Haha, well about that...
Kai: ... I see. Maybe I should accompany you. Just to make sure you don't get lost.
Tsurugi: I'd really appreciate that. Thank you, Mister Kai! You're still as kind as I remember.
[IF player viewed the base conversation "Importance of a Feather" from Chapter 17: Wyverns on the Archipelago]
Kai: You're acting like we've met before again. Have we, Tsurugi?
[ELSE]
Kai: Hm? What are you talking about?
[END]
Tsurugi: Oh, uh, I-I mean--Anyway, let's get going!
(Tsurugi leaves the scene.)
[IF player viewed the base conversation "Importance of a Feather" from Chapter 17: Wyverns on the Archipelago]
Kai: Still no straight answer.
[ELSE]
Kai: Wonder what he was going on about just now?
[END]
Kai: Man, I'd better catch up to him, though. He might get lost again.

B Support
Tsurugi: Let's see, we'll put this book in this pocket, then--
(Tsurugi drops the book.)
Tsurugi: Whoops!
(Kai enters the scene.)
Kai: Dropped this.
Tsurugi: Oh, Mister Kai, thank you!
Kai: That book looked rather interesting. A collection of Merinese folktales, was it?
Tsurugi: Yes! There's one folktale in here that's an absolute favorite of mine. It's commonly called "The Crane's Gift". Have you heard of it?
Kai: Hm... Possibly. Is it the one where a farmer nurses an injured crane back to health and the crane transforms into a beautiful woman?
Tsurugi: Yup, that's it! I know that some versions of the tale have it so that the crane gives the farmer expensive cloth made from her feathers in exchange for his kind gesture, but I'd say my favorite iteration is when the crane marries the farmer. It's quite romantic.
Kai: Heh, into the sappy stuff, aren't ya, Tsurugi?
Tsurugi: "Sappy"?! I mean, you're not wrong, I suppose. But, there's more to it than that.
Kai: Oh? What, you wanna have a crane for a wife?
Tsurugi: Mister Kai, please stop twisting my words! And it's not that, it's more like-- Ah, no, I shouldn't say...
Kai: Well, now you got me curious, Tsurugi.
Tsurugi: Oh no no no I shouldn't have let my mouth run like that! Why do you have this effect on me? If we keep up this conversation, I might end up saying that we-- Agh, not again!! I have to go! Sorry, Mister Kai!!
(Tsurugi leaves the scene.)
Kai: Every time I talk to this guy, the more weird he gets, I swear... Heh. Not that I'm complaining. I'd go so far as to say it's his charm point.

A Support
Tsurugi: Thanks again for coming with me for these delivery runs, Mister Kai. It's been helping a lot!
Kai: No problem. We just gotta keep going down this road, then-- !! Tsurugi! Behind me!
Tsurugi: Wh--
()
[]
Kai: You okay, Tsurugi?
Tsurugi: Y-Yes. Thank you, Mister Kai. If you weren't here, I...
Kai: Don't even worry about it. I'm a mercenary by trade. It's what I do.
Tsurugi: I know, but I can defend myself. Really, I swear! I-I just... got scared.
Kai: Hey. Don't feel like you have to push yourself. I'm gonna be here for you, Tsurugi.
Tsurugi: Mister Kai, thank you, but...
Kai: Hm?
Tsurugi: N-Never mind. I almost let my mouth run again.
Kai: Heh. You know, I COULD figure out what you're hiding, but I like seeing you get flustered from almost spilling the beans.
Tsurugi: H-Huh?!
Kai: Yeah, like that.
Tsurugi: I... You... Mister Kai, please!

A+ Support
Tsurugi: Mister Kai, about... Well, I'm sure you know what I want to say.
Kai: Yeah. You being a crane shifter, and all that?
Tsurugi: Y-Yes...
Kai: And?
Tsurugi: What do you mean, "and"? Aren't you at least upset that I hid that from you?
Kai: Not particularly. It's understandable why you wouldn't want that fact out in the open. If anything, it makes me curious about something.
Tsurugi: No offense, Mister Kai, but you're always curious about something.
Kai: Heh, fair enough. But as I was saying, I started thinking about that one folktale. "The Crane's Gift". Now, correct me if I'm wrong, but I assume you like it so much because you experienced something similar to the story, didn't you?
Tsurugi: Right you are, Mister Kai. That's exactly it.
Kai: So close to living out an actual fairy tale, aren't you, Tsurugi?
Tsurugi: Oh come on, don't tease me like that...
Kai: Sorry, sorry. But seriously, I gotta ask: who was the "farmer" who helped you?
Tsurugi: It... It was you, Mister Kai.
Kai: I'm sorry, what?
Tsurugi: It was a few years ago, but considering what form I was in, I wouldn't be surprised if you didn't realize it was me.
Kai: "Your form," huh...? You know, now that you mention it, I do remember there being a crane with a broken wing resting in the castle garden by the pond... You're saying that was you this entire time?
Tsurugi: Yes. I wanted to repay you back then, but I had to hurry back home before I could. And now, I finally get to see you again. You're still as kind as I remember, Mister Kai.
Kai: Heh, seems like every part of my past is catching up to me. Even this. I guess this is what I get for running away from it.
Tsurugi: ...
Kai: Hey, I'm not saying I hated everything about my past. I'm glad I could help you back then, Tsurugi. You seem well off now. It's good to see you again. Really.
Tsurugi: Mister Kai... Thank you. I'm only here now because of you.