C Support
Taiga: Hey! You're Kai, right?
Kai: Yes? And you're Taiga, Ke--Ryuuji's crewmate, correct?
Taiga: Yup! With intros outta the way, I got a huge favor to ask.
Kai: Might take you up on it, might not. What is it?
Taiga: I heard from the captain that you're a pretty smart guy. So, I wanna see how your smarts compete against my luck in a game of blackjack!
Kai: Oh? Sounds like you've got quite a winning streak under your belt already.
Taiga: Well, uh... No. Not really. I've lost every game I've played. But that just means my lucky break's gonna be HUGE! And I have a feeling that it's coming today!
Kai: ... You know what, I've got nothing better to do. Deal me in, Taiga.
(An hour later...)
Taiga: Not again...! One more time! I'm gonna win for sure!
Kai: You said that the last five games.
Taiga: Those didn't count.
Kai: *sigh* Look, maybe we can play more some other time. And here, take your money back too. Just be glad we're working together. I would've pocketed all of this otherwise.
Taiga: Man... Alright. But I'll definitely win next time! I swear it!
(Taiga leaves the scene.)
Kai: I've never seen someone so horrific at gambling before. Although, this does give me an idea...

B Support
Kai: Hey, Taiga! Got a minute? I'm up for a few games of blackjack if you are.
Taiga: I'm always up for a game! Let's go!
Kai: Before we do, how about we make this more interesting?
Taiga: Whatcha got in mind?
Kai: The loser has to do whatever the winner tells them to do.
Taiga: Whoa there, those are some pretty high stakes.
Kai: What are you so worried about? I thought you said you were definitely gonna win next time. And now's next time.
Taiga: Yeah, you're right! My luck's gonna turn around! But, uh... Could we make it a best two out of three?
Kai: Sure.
(A few minutes later...)
Kai: And that's another bust for you.
Taiga: Man...
Kai: Now, about my winnings...
Taiga: G-Go easy on me, alright?
Kai: Hm, now what should I have you do? What if I... Should I? No, that might be too much. But... Hmm...
Taiga: Oh, out with it already! Just thinking about what you're gonna make me do is giving me chills.
Kai: Alright, alright. I want you to...
Taiga: Yeah? Yeah?!
Kai: Tell me everything you know about Ryuuji. No lies and don't leave anything out.
Taiga: Wha--That's it?!
Kai: Yup. That's it.
Taiga: You sadistic little-- Ugh, whatever. A deal's a deal. Anyway, Ryuuji's been captain of the Wyrmfang Pirates for three or so years now. He wasn't always part of the crew. We took him prisoner years ago during our last raid on Edoyama.
Kai: Speaking of that, why did you stop your raids on the capital? It would've been a lucrative target.
Taiga: Well, we gotta let our targets build up before we knock 'em down, y'know? Otherwise, there'd be nothing left to steal. On top of that, Ryuuji outright commanded us to stop raids on the capital from the moment he was promoted to captain.
Kai: Huh.
Taiga: 'Course, some of the crew didn't like that, so some of them just up and left.
Kai: I see... Anything else about Ryuuji specifically?
Taiga: He doesn't like talking about himself too much. The only other stuff I know is that he was working under the imperial family and just used Ryuuji as a nickname. His real name's Kenji.
Kai: Anything else? Anything at all?
Taiga: Hmm... Nope, that's all I've got.
Kai: Okay.
Taiga: Man, all that just for some info... Why do you wanna know so much about him anyway?
Kai: ... Personal reasons.


A Support [REQUIRES REVISION]
Taiga: KAI!
Kai: Wh-Whoa there! Taiga, what's gotten you so worked up?
Taiga: You never told me you and the captain were close!!
expression;Kai;CloseEyes,Smile
Kai: You never asked.
Taiga: I...! Huh.
expression;Taiga;CloseEyes
Taiga: Yeah, you have a point actually--
expression;Taiga;NormalBlink
Taiga: Wait, no, yer distractin' me here! I gotta ask you something real important. Something only you would probably know!
expression;Kai;NormalBlink,Smile
Kai: Uh-huh?
Taiga: Is he more of a "flowers and chocolates" sort of guy or a "take out on a nice dinner date" sort of guy?
expression;Kai;NoSmile
Kai: I... What?
Taiga: I can't just ask him about this stuff and the rest of the crew ain't gonna know anything about that.
Kai: I get that, but why do you think I would know? And WHY do you want to know in the first place?
expression;Taiga;Smile
Taiga: You're a smart guy and you know stuff!
expression;Taiga;HalfCloseEyes,NoSmile
Taiga: And, well...
expression;Taiga;CloseEyes
Taiga: Oh, don't make me answer that last question out loud, alright?!
expression;Kai;CloseEyes
Kai: Oh, dear Merin...
expression;Kai;HalfCloseEyes
Kai: Taiga, Kenji is...
expression;Kai;NormalBlink
Kai: He may not look it, but he's a sentimental guy deep down.
Taiga: Uh-huh? Yeah?
Kai: So, if you wanna let him know that you like him, you gotta show him how much he means to you.
expression;Taiga;CloseEyes
Taiga: Hmm... Got it, got it.
expression;Taiga;HalfCloseEyes
Taiga: But, uh, how do I do that exactly?
expression;Kai;CloseEyes
Kai: That's something you gotta figure out on your own.
expression;Kai;NormalBlink
Kai: But, if I may make a suggestion, maybe you could give your headband to him as a gift?
expression;Taiga;NormalBlink
Taiga: Huh? Why my headband?
expression;Kai;Smile
Kai: You're always wearing it, right? Giving him something of yours that you're attached to can really convey that you trust him, y'know?
expression;Taiga;Smile
bop_portrait;Taiga
Taiga: Oh, yeah, I see! Thanks, Kai! I'm gonna do that right now!
mirror_portrait;Taiga
move_portrait;Taiga;OffscreenRight
expression;Kai;NoSmile
music_clear
music;Respite in Battle
Kai: ...;no_talk
expression;Kai;HalfCloseEyes
Kai: You'd better not break his heart, Taiga.
expression;Kai;CloseEyes
Kai: If you do, I'll make you pay back that pain tenfold.