C Support
Krista: Sorry I'm late, Felicity. I had way more stuff to do today than I thought. Anyway, ready to do the shopping together?
Felicity: No need, Your Highness. I had finished the shopping this morning on my own.
Krista: Oh! You've been doing that a lot lately, huh? Not that I mind, of course. It's good to see you getting more used to dealing with crowds.
Felicity: Actually, I arrived at the marketplace early enough when it was mostly quiet.
Krista: Oh, really? Still, thanks for all your help, Felicity. Just don't push yourself too hard, okay? I know that dealing with people can be tough sometimes.
Felicity: ...
Krista: Something wrong?
Felicity: It's... It's nothing. At any rate, I have more chores to attend to. If you'll excuse me...
(Felicity leaves the scene.)
Krista: I wonder what that was about.

B Support
[]
Maid 1: She's so shameless too. What makes her think she can be close to Her Highness like that? She thinks she's so subtle, brushing shoulders and "innocently" asking to hold hands with the Princess. The nerve!
Maid 2: I know, right? Oh, and did you hear? Apparently some of Her Highness' garments had gone missing during the last laundry day. Guess who was on duty?
Maid 1: *Gasp!* No way!
Maid 2: Mmhmm. Trisha told me all about it. {c:e;Maid2;HalfCloseEyes,NoSmile}Once a thief, always a thief, I tell you. Her Highness should just toss her out to the streets where she belongs--
Krista, offscreen: Ahem.
Maid 2: Eep!
(Krista enters the scene.)
Maid 2: Y-Your Highness! Was there something you needed?
Krista: Oh, nothing in particular. But, Glenda, aren't you supposed to be scrubbing the floors in the west wing?
Maid 1: Um... I...
Krista: And Helen, aren't you supposed to be dusting in the main hall?
Maid 2: Well, that's--
Maid 1: O-Our apologies, Your Highness!
Maid 2: We'll be on our way now.
Krista: Before you leave, one more thing.
Maid 1: Y-Yes?
Krista: Please remind the other maids that during THAT time of the month to treat the heavily soiled clothes properly and DON'T mix them in with the normal loads. Felicity has done SUCH a good job with that, so you don't need to tell her. In fact, let her know that she's been doing a GREAT job around the castle overall.
Maid 2: ... Y-Yes, Your Highness. Now, if you'll please excuse us...
(Both maids leave the scene.)
Krista: *sigh* Some people... Hm... Felicity, you can come out now. I know you're still around here somewhere.
(Felicity enters the scene.)
Felicity: You didn't need to do that, Your Highness.
Krista: How much of that did you hear?
Felicity: Enough to know their thoughts on me haven't changed at all.
Krista: Do the other maids always talk behind your back like this?
Felicity: It doesn't matter if they do or not. They can think whatever they want about me. I don't care.
Krista: You may not care, but I do. I'm gonna give them a proper talking to when I get the chance.
Felicity: I appreciate it, Your Highness, but it's best if you don't. It would only get worse if you interfered.
Krista: What do you mean?
Felicity: They'd twist the situation to make it look like I'm currying favor with you and further feed into their negative perceptions of me. Let them believe what they want to believe, Your Highness. You know me for who I am, and that's all that matters to me.
Krista: But still, it's rather cruel of them to hate you and not even try to get to know you.
Felicity: Some people will just hate you no matter what you do, Your Highness. And no amount of persuasion will change their mind. I learned that a long time ago.
Krista: ... Felicity?
Felicity: Yes?
Krista: I know I say this all the time, but you can depend on me, y'know? If things get tough, or you just need someone to listen, I'll be here. Okay?
Felicity: ... Ha. If only you could return the favor just as easily, Your Highness.
Krista: Huh?
Felicity: You know exactly what I'm talking about. Now, if you'll excuse me, I must be getting back to my chores.
(Felicity leaves the scene.)
Krista: ... She knows. But for how long has she known?

A Support
Krista: Felicity, you knew all along? About Ervan, I mean.
Felicity: Yes, I did.
Krista: And all that time, you said nothing. But why?
Felicity: You always had others’ best interests at heart, Your Highness. I knew you wouldn't do any harm to him out of malice. But you always did let your emotions lead your actions.
Krista: Y-Yeah…
Felicity: I never thought less of you for what you did.
Krista: Really?
Felicity: However, 

S Support
Felicity: When you offered your hand to me, I knew in that moment I would devote myself to you. You looked at me, and I didn't see Medea staring back. I saw YOU.
Krista: Felicity...