C Support
Rembrandt: ...
(Krista enters the scene.)
Krista: Hey, Rembrandt! I--O-Oh.
(Krista backs off.)
Krista: ...
Rembrandt: ...
Rembrandt: You may come over, Your Highness. I just finished.
(Krista moves closer.)
Krista: Sorry about that. I didn't realize you were performing the Fading Smoke ritual.
Rembrandt: It's alright.
Krista: Who were you paying respects to, if you don't mind me asking?
Rembrandt: Old comrades.
Krista: I see.
Rembrandt: If you would like, you may pay your respects to Prince Ervan as well.
Krista: I'm not sure if I... I mean, I just...
Rembrandt: ... Do you know the significance of this particular ritual, Your Highness?
Krista: Hmm... vaguely.
Rembrandt: Each aspect of the Fading Smoke ritual represents an individual's life and death. The bonfire itself is one's life, burning with warmth. And the smoke that rises reflects how fleeting life is. It rises into the air and dissipates as if it were never there.
Krista: Never there...
Rembrandt: Though, there are signs that it had existed. Like the scent of wood smoke, for instance. The bonfire itself also remains until it burns out. Much like those who left us, there are still traces of them left behind.
Krista: That's true.
Rembrandt: Even so, everything has to end eventually. Like the bonfire, it must die out. Eventually, you must let go.
Krista: ...
Rembrandt: I will not tell you how to mourn over Prince Ervan's death, Your Highness. However, you must remember you cannot hang onto him forever.
Krista: But I... ...

B Support
Krista: Quick question for you, Rembrandt. If you don't mind, of course.
Rembrandt: Go ahead, Your Highness.
Krista: What are Fuegan weddings like?
Rembrandt: Why would you like to know?
Krista: Just curious.
Rembrandt: It has been many years since I have attended a wedding, but I do remember some general things. They usually take place during the evening. Both the bride and groom are dressed in ceremonial garb, typically adorned with the crimson feathers of a Fuegan hawk. [Insert more details here]
Krista: Sounds nice.
Rembrandt: Quite. Although, I'm sure tradition states that you and His Highness would have followed Medean wedding customs when the time came.
Krista: O-Oh, uh. Yeah. Like I said, I was just curious. That's all.
