C Support
Krista: Oh, hey, Hikaru. Fancy seeing you here.
Hikaru: Hello, Your Highness. Did you have business at the library?
Krista: Uh, kinda? It's nothing important, really. Haha... A-Anyway, whatcha reading there?
Hikaru: Passages from the scriptures of the Great Merin.
[]

B Support
[]
Hikaru: Your Highness, do you know of the Great Merin's relationship with the Great Medea?
Krista: Other than them being siblings?
[]

A Support
[]
Krista: I'm only being nice because that's what I want everyone to see me as. It's what being the heir to the Medean throne means. Being a peacekeeper, a leader, a moral compass. I... I know I'm none of those things. And it's only a matter of time until other people see that too.
Hikaru: Hm... I believe I see the problem here, Your Highness. These expectations are a burden on someone who, despite having divine blood, is only human. You're a flawed individual, Your Highness, but isn't everyone?
Krista: Hikaru...
Hikaru: I believe that sending good out to the world is what makes a person good. The motivation behind the action doesn't matter, nor do any past actions discount your present efforts.
Krista: But you don't know what I've done. It's not something that can be ignored.
Hikaru: I do not know for what sins you seek repentance. But let me ask you this: if time were turned back, would you allow yourself to repeat that sin?
Krista: No! Of course not!
Hikaru: The Great Merin teaches us that just as the tides reshape the shoreline, each new day reshapes the man. Your answer tells me everything I need to know, Your Highness. Do you understand?
Krista: Hmm... Yeah. I do. I don't feel all that different from who I was back then, though.
Hikaru: I don't expect you to change your perspective right away, Your Highness. However, I hope that you do eventually. Until then, don't be afraid to seek me out for support. At risk of being too forward, I wouldn't mind if I were the Merin to your Medea.
Krista: Heh, I'd like that, Hikaru. Here's to a beautiful friendship.

S Support
Krista: ...
Hikaru: ...
(Krista turns around.)
Krista: H-Hikaru?! Man, you startled me there.
Hikaru: I apologize, Your Highness. I did not mean to disturb you. Were you praying to Medea just now?
Krista: Yeah, but I just finished up. Was there something you needed?
Hikaru: Yes. Could we go somewhere more private?
Krista: Seems pretty private here to me.
Hikaru: I'd rather not. This matter feels too... Well, I wouldn't feel comfortable bringing it up while in a sacred space.
Krista: Huh, alright. Let's take this to my room, then.
(Scene transitions to Krista's room.)
Krista: Alright, Hikaru, what's going on? Sounds like it's pretty serious.
Hikaru: Your Highness, allow me to begin by saying I value our friendship very much. I am happy to offer you support and guidance much like Merin has to Medea. However, I... I wish to be more than that to you. Much more.
Krista: Oh. Hikaru, I'm flattered, really, but--
Hikaru: I understand, Your Highness. I'll be taking my leave now. Please forget I said anything.
Krista: Whoa, wait, hold it! Lemme finish my thought here! I was trying to say I'm flattered, but I don't wanna jump into things too fast. Ervan is still on my mind.
Hikaru: Ah. Of course. Why wouldn't he be?
Krista: W-Wait, that sounds way worse than it was meant to be. See, I was praying to Medea about him earlier, and, well... You remember what I said before? About what I did in the past?
Hikaru: Yes?
Krista: It has to do with him. And all the times when we were talking about history and theology... It all reminded me of him.
Hikaru: I see...
Krista: Hikaru, I like you. I really do. But I'm scared, too. I don't want anything to happen between us.
Hikaru: Hmm... I think I understand, Your Highness. I don't know what happened between you and Prince Ervan, but I believe that you have learned and grown past that.