C Support
Marina: "The baron placed his hand on the maid's scaly shoulder, 'Perhaps this matter should be a more private affair.'" Oh, Baron Elliot, you sly dog.
(Xiang enters the scene.)
Xiang: Ah, pardon me.
Marina: Oh, hello there. Xiang, wasn't it?
Xiang: Yes. Hm? What is that book you're reading?
Marina: This is one of my favorites: "The Lusty Folian Maid". It tells of a steamy love affair between the roguish Baron Elliot and his maid, Colette. The interesting part is that Colette is secretly a Dragon Shifter.
Xiang: A... Dragon Shifter?
Marina: Why, yes. I'm sure you know of those creatures lost to time. Beasts that are able to change into a humanoid form.
Xiang: Yes, I am aware. I'm just surprised someone would write about this subject in such an... unconventional way.
Marina: My, my, you sound curious. Would you like to give it a read yourself? I could lend you my copy if you'd like.
Xiang: That would be great. Thank you.
(Scene transitions to outside the library.)
Xiang: "Colette gasped as the baron's fingers brushed against her tail, 'My lord! You mustn't touch my tail so casually! Especially not out in the open like this.'" Is this implying...? Ugh, a dragon's tail is NOT that sensitive. ... What? Her wings would take up half the size of the room at least! ... Her fangs would NOT be that sharp in her human form either. And having JUST her claws out for... Well, I suppose that might make things more exciting. But everything else is so wrong. What even is this?

B Support
Xiang: Here, Marina. You can have your book back.
Marina: Oh, thank you, Xiang. That look on your face tells me you didn't enjoy it too much, though.
Xiang: I couldn't even finish it. The way Colette was portrayed was just so wrong. It's obvious the author didn't know the first thing about Dragon Shifters.
Marina: I'm sure he took some liberties here and there. It's not as if someone could ask a Shifter what they're actually like. They've been gone from this world for a long time.
Xiang: I... suppose.
Marina: I don't typically read stories that involve Shifters often, so I wouldn't know what the common ways to depict them are. However, you seem rather insightful on the subject.
Xiang: That is because I am. Hm... Alright, that does it.
Marina: Hm? What is it, Xiang?
Xiang: I'm writing my own Dragon Shifter story. One that will set the record straight!
Marina: Well, now, I'm intrigued. How would you go about writing this, Xiang?
Xiang: If there's one thing the book did correctly, it was having the Shifter be in a subservient role to the human. That was common practice. Cruel, but common. So, I don't believe the main premise has to be changed. Everything else was just... Oh, where do I even begin? There's so much about Colette's forms--both dragon and human--that were full of inaccuracies. At that point, I would rewrite everything from the ground up.
Marina: You've certainly caught my interest with this. Do you have any experience in writing romance at all? I'm not a writer myself, but I have read a good variety of romances. I could help you come up with ideas, if you'd like.
Xiang: I... would not be against that. I'll be the one to take care of the Shifter aspects, and I'll leave the romantic elements to you.
Marina: Excellent. Oh, this is exciting! Let's start right away. With us working together, I'm sure we'll write the next big hit.

A Support
