C Support
Tsubaki: Um, excuse me, Lord Masashi?
Masashi: Ah, Lady Tsubaki! What a pleasure it is for you to grace me with your presence.
Tsubaki: Oh, um, yes. It's... er... good to see you too.
Masashi: Did you need something of me? I know that seeing your lovely face has already made my day brighter.
Tsubaki: Um, actually... You know what, I just remembered that I had some other business to attend to. I-I’m sorry, Lord Masashi. Maybe we can talk some other time. S-Sorry!
(Tsubaki leaves)
Masashi: W-Wha--L-Lady Tsubaki? I barely got a word in. Did I do something wrong?
(Scene change)
Tsubaki: So the rumors were true. He is nothing but a shameless flirt! *sigh* I was hoping that maybe he was different. Perhaps that was why Father said to stay away from him.

B/A Support?:
Masashi: Lady Tsubaki! So good to see you again. I feared that you have been avoiding me lately.
Tsubaki: Well…
Masashi: … Ah. That IS the case, isn’t it? 
Tsubaki: W-Wait, it’s just–
Masashi: Please, say no more. I completely understand.
Tsubaki: You do?
Masashi: I see that my reputation has preceded me. But I assure you that there will be none of that today.
Tsubaki: R-Really?
Masashi: I would like to get to know you more, Lady Tsubaki. Truly.

B Support
Masashi: Lady Tsubaki!
Tsubaki: (Oh no, not him again.) I have something I need to do-
Masashi: Wait, I'm sorry for how I acted the other day.
Tsubaki: Huh?
Masashi: It was my having your-  It was my first time seeing you in person- I wasn't allowed to talk or even meet up with you before.
Tsubaki: (Gee, wonder why.) Consideri- Why weren't you allowed to see me? Other than my father having your head?
Masashi: Th-there's another reason. Someone from my childhood.
Tsubaki: And why did they want you away from me?
Masashi: I cannot remember, I do not even know what it could have been.
Tsubaki: Hm.. How long have you been like this?
Masashi: Since I was thirteen years of age.
Tsubaki: Come to think of it, I think I saw you talking to someone when I was seven, a woman in her twenties. How old were you then?
Masashi: I was most likely nine years of age- (A woman? It's probably her.) The big thing I remember hearing about you before I was twelve was an arranged marriage. Of course I knew about you- I? I wasn't allowed to mention you at all.
Tsubaki: Did your parents tell you to not mention me?
Masashi: No, my parents were almost never around, the person who took care of me- I- Forgive me, think I should take leave.
Tsubaki: You mean that- Wait come back!
(Masashi runs off)
Tsubaki: That's strange, I remember our fathers being on rather good terms, before- wait a minute.
# Original script by Blade of Light 12 #
