C Support
Ryuuji: Yo, Nagisa. Got a minute?
Nagisa: What do you want, Kenji?
Ryuuji: I know I ain't in any position to be saying this, but you really gotta cool it around the Medeans.
Nagisa: ...
Ryuuji: Like it or not, we're all allies here. On top of that, you're Tsubaki's retainer. What you say is gonna be taken like Samegoro said it himself. Man, why do I even gotta explain this to you? You of all people should get that.
Nagisa: And you of all people shouldn't be lecturing me on alliances, you dirty traitor.
Ryuuji: Heh, on one hand, I get where you're coming from. But honestly? That just shows how ignorant you are.
Nagisa: What?
Ryuuji: Like I said, you of all people should know what I'm getting at. You ain't a kid anymore, Nagisa. Or maybe you still need me to hold your hand?
Nagisa: Oh, shove it! Don't think you can still tease me like that.
Ryuuji: Except I ain't teasin'. Seriously, what's gotten into you?
Nagisa: You... You just don't get it!
(Nagisa leaves the scene.)
Ryuuji: *sigh* That girl...

A Support
[]
Nagisa: You... You kept the Wyrmfang Pirates away from the capital this whole time.
Ryuuji: And first prize goes to the lovely lady. Didn't you find it strange that the raids just suddenly stopped?
Nagisa: I did, but I didn't think you were responsible for that. Kenji. We thought you were dead! Why would we even think of that possibility?
Ryuuji: I thought you’d make the connection after you saw I was still alive and kickin'. Seriously, you're smarter than that, Nagisa. Use that head of yours.
Nagisa: You never stopped thinking of us.
Ryuuji: You guys are family. Getting kidnapped by pirates ain't gonna change that.
Nagisa: I--We missed you so much, Kenji.
Ryuuji: I know. I'm sorry. After the old captain kicked the bucket, someone had to take over the crew. And I just happened to be the man for the job. I had new responsibilities to take care of.
Nagisa: You just can’t escape being everyone's father figure, can you?
Ryuuji: Heh, you can say that again.
Nagisa: So, you returning to Edoyama is...
Ryuuji: Next to impossible.
Nagisa: What if Lady Tsubaki took your crew into the imperial navy?
Ryuuji: Nah, they're too free-spirited for that. Too many of us split off after Samegoro went mad. I'd rather not have something like that happen again.
Nagisa: So you'll be gone once this is all over...
Ryuuji: Yup. No two ways about it.
Nagisa: ... Kenji, there's something I need to tell you.
Ryuuji: Yeah?
Nagisa: I... I've always loved you.
Ryuuji: Nagisa--
Nagisa: D-Don’t say anything! I don't want to know. If you're leaving, then there's no point. I just wanted to get it off my chest. So... So just don't mind it.
(Nagisa leaves the scene)
Ryuuji: *sigh* I've always known, Nagisa. I've always known.