C Support
Alex: Oh, hello Sam. I didn't know you liked the library too.
Sam: Hello, Alex. Yes, I usually come here after training to unwind or sometimes prior to settling down for the night.
Alex: Mind if I join you?
Sam: Not at all.
Alex: What's that you're reading?
Sam: A legend about the warrior Kull, the Crimson Lion. He became bewitched and killed his entire village, family, everyone and has to go across the lands performing deeds of atonement. In the end, he dies, saving the life of a single shepherd.
Alex: Did he manage to atone for his wrongs? He wasn't in his right mind. He was under a spell, it sounds like. So it wasn't his fault.
Sam: I like to think he did, but the legend seems to imply that he did not. It ends with the words "Beware the folly of Kull or suffer his same fate".
Alex: I see. I've been reading this one story, "The Silver-Tongued Knight and the Silken-Haired Lady".
Sam: What's it about?
Alex: About love, promises made, some kept others broken. The Silken-Haired Lady gets stolen from her home and the Silver-Tongued Knight goes on a daring chase in pursuit of her captors. In the end, he rescues her, and the two share a kiss.
Sam: I see, interesting. What other books do you like to read, Alex?
Alex: Well, let's see...
(Some time later...)
Sam: That's a lot of different books you've read, Alex. I might give some of them a try.
Alex: If you ever do, please let me know what you think of them.
Sam: Will do.

B Support
Alex: Hmmm... fascinating. While you can't judge a book by its cover, you most certainly can tell a lot about a man by his bookshelf. "Myths of the Journey", "The Adventures of Robin Took", "The Blade in the Boulder"... Quite the selection. Sam is surprisingly a man of culture. I wish Taylor had a varied taste like this. All he has are combat manuals, books on weapon and armor upkeep... And all those cocktail recipe books...
(Meanwhile...)
Sam: Huh, she sure has a lot of romance books. Doesn't she read anything else? Where's the legends of dashing knights and bold heroes? Oh, here we go! "Sir Lionheart and the Mouse". ... Come on! Not another romance book! Hmm... A lot of books on tea and herbs. Wow, did not know she was a tea connoisseur. Oh? What's this? "The Bride of Florin"? This better not be another romance book. ... Interesting... ... Fascinating. ...
(Alex enters the scene.)
Alex: Sam, what are you doing in my room?
Sam: ...
Alex: Sam?
Sam: Huh? What? Who's there? Oh, it's you, Alex. Hi!
Alex: Looks like you found something interesting. Oh, "The Bride of Florin"! That's one of my favorites. It's really good.
Sam: I like the duel between the Dread Pirate Roberto and Azul. That was good.
Alex: I like when all Weyland says to Lily is "As you wish". It's sweet and endearing when they kiss at the end. That copy has a beautiful illustration at the end of them holding hands and looking towards the sunset. I always like seeing it.
Sam: That's really nice. Say, is that a new book for your collection? Oh! "The Blade in the Boulder"! That was my favorite book as a kid. It's a good read.
Alex, thinking: How did I walk out of Sam's room with this book? This is embarrassing.
Alex: Er, no. How to say this... I was browsing your library, and this caught my eye. I left, forgetting I had it in my hand.
Sam: Feel free to borrow it. Mind if I borrow this book?
Alex: Go ahead. And thank you, Sam. Anyway, I need to go. I have a scheduled training session in a few minutes. Until next time.
(Alex leaves the scene.)
Sam: Quiet girl, but sweet. She's fun to talk to about books. But, man, she needs to branch out a little.
(Scene transitions to outside Alex's room.)
Alex: Interesting man, but it's nice having another bookworm around to talk to. I wish he had more books on romantic heroes and fair maidens, though. Closest thing he had was about Sigurd and Brunhild.
# Original script by Berserker Sam #