C Support
Masashi: Ah, Trevor, my good man. What say you and I hit the town and do some... sightseeing?
Trevor: Wonderful idea, Lord Masashi. I can guide you around.
Masashi: Perfect. Now, you wouldn't happen to know of places where those of the fairer sex and graceful mannerisms might frequent, would you?
Trevor: "The fairer sex"? Are you referring to women?
Masashi: No need to be so crass, my fellow man. But... yes and no. There's women and then there's LADIES! We must scout out and observe the ladies, Trevor. Make sure they are up to standard.
Trevor: Oh... Ha ha... Yes, well, that sounds... lovely, Lord Masashi. But I'm not sure if I'm the man for the job.
Masashi: Nonsense! I can sense that you have a certain knack for dealing with fair maidens.
Trevor: Wh-What do you--I mean, er, thank you? I think?
Masashi: Trust me, Trevor, you will be a wonderful wingman. With your natural charm and my refined skills in flirtation, we'll make quite the team.
Trevor: Alright, fine. I will accompany you just this once, Lord Masashi. ONLY this once.
Masashi: Perfect! Let's be off, then!
(One trip around town later...)
Masashi: A fruitful expedition, if I do say so myself!
Trevor: You were slapped by two women and one threw her drink at you.
Masashi: We are ignoring that. But you, Trevor! You had all the ladies fawning over you.
Trevor: Not that I really wanted to in the first place.
Masashi: What was that?
Trevor: Ah, nothing. At any rate, I will be taking my leave. I am glad you enjoyed yourself, Lord Masashi.
(Trevor begins to leave.)
Masashi: Ah, wait! We absolutely must do this again.
Trevor: What?! Lord Masashi, with all due respect, we agreed that this is the only time we would do this together, did we not?
Masashi: I know, but I cannot possibly let go of my best wingman. Please, Trevor!
Trevor: *sigh* Alright, Lord Masashi. We may do this again.
Masashi: Excellent! Until next time then, Trevor.
(Masashi leaves the scene.)
Trevor: ... Do I tell him? Do I explain why I'm not suited to these ventures? But if I do, it could ruin everything. Oh Medea, what am I gonna do?
(Scene transitions to outside of town.)
Masashi: Trevor seemed so awkward and tense when we were out earlier. He may be new to this sort of thing, but I wonder if there's something else to it... Hm... And why do I find him surprisingly attractive? How come my... quiver gets hard whenever I'm around him?
# Original script by Berserker Sam #