C Support
Trevor: Ah Sam, my lusty axe fighter! How did you come into possession of a Wind tome? And what were you doing with it exactly? You seem to have no magical potential to speak of.
Sam: I took it from a bandit's corpse.
Trevor: Ah yes, of course. But why keep it at your cabin? Why not sell it?
Sam: I found that if I kept it open, it kept the cabin cool during the summer. Quite the breeze too.
Trevor: I beg your pardon? You kept it to cool off your house?
Sam: Sure did. The old place gets hot in the summer. Oh, there was a Fire tome too.
Trevor: Please don't say you used that to keep the cabin warm in the winter.
Sam: Nope, I used it to cook with!
Trevor: What?? What did you do? Tear it up and use its pages as ignition fuel?
Sam: No man, that's crazy. Only someone inept at starting a campfire does that. I found that if I struck a piece of wood across the book, it would catch on fire and then the rest is easy.
Trevor: That is even worse. Thank you, my boisterous friend. This conversation has been enlightening, but I need to take a reprieve.
(Trevor leaves the scene.)
Sam: How can someone talk so much but say so little? And why was he so upset at such simple practical uses of something otherwise useless?
# Original script by Berserker Sam #

B Support
Trevor: Was I assuming things wrong? 'Cause if that was what was goin' on, then... Hm...
(Sam enters the scene.)
Sam: Trevor! Figures that you'd be here with your nose in a book.
Trevor: S-Sam?! You startled me. What're-- I mean, what may you be doing in the castle library?
Sam: Wanted to find something for a light read. What are you up to?
Trevor: Reviewing the fundamentals of magic. Quite frankly, our conversation the other day has vexed me for some time now.
Sam: Got a problem with how I used those tomes?
Trevor: Not exactly. Though your activation methods were... unconventional, the tomes you acquired were able to perform their intended functions. Yet, you have no magical potential to speak of.
Sam: Uh-huh?
Trevor: Magical tomes act as amplifiers to a user's magic potential. If there is no potential, then they simply won't work.
Sam: Okay...?
Trevor: You cannot create something out of nothing, Sam. That is just simple logic at work. With that in mind, I realized the answer I sought was in front of me all along!
Sam: I don't like where this is going...
Trevor: Sam, my dear friend, you actually DO have magical potential within yourself! That is why I would like to propose--
Sam: Nope. Nuh-uh. I'm not hearing it.
(Sam begins to leave.)
Trevor: A-Ah, wait!!
Sam: Trevor, I ain't gonna start using some stupid spells just because you figured out that I could.
Trevor: That is not what I was about to say at all! You are much too proficient with the axe to even consider quitting that.
Sam: Huh. Color me surprised. Then, what were you gonna say?
Trevor: I would like to closely observe you using your tomes. You may be doing something that even the most learned scholars have not thought of.
Sam: You're just gonna observe? No weird experiments or anything?
Trevor: Not unless you want to.
Sam: And I don't. Alright, Trevor, you can watch me use them. I'll let you know when I've got some free time.