C Support
Trevor: Azure, I must say, you are the most beautiful man I have ever laid my eyes upon.
Azure: Is this an attempt at courtship, Trevor? If so, I applaud your boldness, but your technique needs work.
Trevor: No! I mean, not that I would not consider the possibility-- Th-That is to say... ... May I reattempt initiating this conversation?
Azure: If you so wish.
Trevor: Thank you. As I was trying to say, your beauty has a certain feminine quality to it, and yet you're still a man.
Azure: Yes? And?
Trevor: I wish to be as confident in my own masculinity as you are. How do you do it, Azure? Please teach me your ways!
Azure: Is that all? You should have just started with that. And there's nothing to it, really. I was born a man, and that's just how I am.
Trevor: I... I see. Thank you for your wisdom, Azure. At any rate, that was all I wished to speak with you about. I shall take my leave now.
(Trevor leaves the scene.)
Azure: He didn't seem satisfied with that. But what else could I have said? I only spoke the truth. I wonder what sort of answer he's looking for?

A Support
Trevor: My parents believed I took on this identity to avoid the responsibilities of being the Valoria family heir. But they were wrong! Being a man is more comfortable for me. That's all. I only wish that they understood that.
Azure: Trevor...
Trevor: And so, I began this new life for myself. Living as the man I wanted to be.
Azure: So that's why you asked me about being masculine.
Trevor: Precisely.
Azure: If it's any consolation, I would never imagine you as a woman, Trevor.
Trevor: R-Really?
Azure: When you had asked me about being a man, I thought perhaps you lacked some self-confidence. I never imagined not being born as one would be the reason for your question.
Trevor: Perhaps self-confidence is a factor in this as well. However, being seen as a man does bring me great joy. I want to hold onto this happiness for as long as I can. If I keep going like this, then I am sure the others will believe I am a man through and through.
Azure: I'm sure they already do, Trevor.
Trevor: Azure... Thank you. You have been a great friend.
Azure: Of course, Trevor. I'm glad I could be there for you.