C Support
Viola: There you are, Mello. A nice juicy apple for you. I even sprinkled some sugar on it just for you.
Mello: Neigh!
Viola: There you are! Who's my favorite girl? Who's my favorite girl? YOU'RE my favorite girl!
(Masashi enters the scene.)
Masashi: Oh magnificent heavens, who is this perfect example of grace, poise, and loveliness?
Viola: Huh? Who are you?
Masashi: Oh, did I startle you, madam? I'm dreadfully sorry. I am Masashi, a shogun of Merinas. I just couldn't stay silent after seeing the grace and poise you possess. Especially after seeing how you look after your steed.
Viola: Uhhhh... Thank you?
Masashi: Oh my, graceful AND humble? Madam, you are a diamond amongst rubble, mere coal even. Would you be interested in a pot of tea later? Perhaps around lunch?
Viola: Sure! I'd love to.
Mello: NEIGH!!! Neigh neigh neigh!!!!
Masashi: Even your pegasus has gotten excited. I'll see you later, then. Until next time.
(Masashi leaves the scene.)
Viola: He seems nice. Hm... Tea would be good. I hope there's plenty of sugar.
Mello: NEIGH!
Viola: What's that, girl?
Mello: Neigh! Neigh!!
Viola: Now, that's not very nice to say. We don't even know him to know if that's true or not.
Mello: Neeighhh. Neigh, neigh. Neigh!
Viola: Wait, what? Mello, please! He just wants to have tea and maybe some biscuits or something.
Mello: Neigh!
Viola: It's not that serious!
Mello: NEIGH!!
Viola: Will you stop worrying?!
# Original script by Berserker Sam #

Masashi: Ah, that was a lovely tea if I do say so myself and Viola was a lovely lass to talk to, very refined as a proper young lady should be-
??? You. We need to talk
Masashi: Huh? Who's there?
Screen blacks out and reveals Masashi and Chell together
Masashi: Where am I, wait aren't you Viola's sister.
Chell: Yes. As I understand you had a date with my little sister
Masashi: Well I wouldn't call it a date exactly
Chell: Then what was it?
Masashi: Well...it was...
Chell: Uh-huh. Spill it pretty boy
Masashi: It was, wait did you just compliment my looks
Chell: Don't change the subject. I want answers and I want them now, or do I need to call my boyfriend to rough you up first? Way I hear it he's developed quite the skillset for making people who are tight lipped loosen up
Masashi: Whoa whoa whoa! No need to resort to such drastic measures. It was merely sharing a pot of tea together that was all, a few sweets and finger foods. Yes we chatted but that was all
Chell: Are you sure? (moves in close)....Hm alright, you may go
Masashi: Wait what? I can? That's what this was all about?
Chell: Let me make it clear to you. If my sister takes a liking to you fine, but you better be good to her. No galavanting, no dumping her when you're bored. Because if you break her heart I will break you. Do I make myself clear?
Masashi: Crystal madam
Chell: Good because if it's somehow not clear and you break my sister's heart I will make you useless to women (Chell leaves)
Masashi: Useless to women what's that mean? Oh gods no I hope she doesn't mean she'd do THAT? Shudder... She is very different from her sister for sure no delicacy at all why her legs are so meaty she looks like she could crush a melon...or a man's skull No Masashi think positive that's the way! I'll just have to be sure to stay in the good graces of Chell she is Viola's guardian after all as an older sister should be.

B Support
Masashi: Ah, Viola, good to see-- Uhhh?
Viola: Sorry, sorry! Mello insisted that she come along for the tea party.
Mello: Neigh!! *snort*