C support
Peter is feeding the birds in the castle courtyard. Viola rushes in, happily greeting Peter, but that causes the birds to get startled and fly off. Peter advises Viola to keep her voice down to not scare the birds. She understands and quietly sits next to him. A few birds come back and Viola asks Peter why he likes birds so much. Peter says that he likes animals in general and enjoys their company. He finds himself more at peace with animals than people hence why he lives all by himself out in the mountains. Viola then asks if he doesnt like people and Peter replies that he doesnt mind them either way and enjoys the company of kind people like Viola.

Viola: Huh? Weird all those birds keep flying over to that building. I wonder what they find so fascinating. Rushes off

Peter: Don't worry little friends I have plenty of seed and corn for all of you, I even have some bread for you. Oh? You think you're important enough to get first dibs on the bread Mr. Crow? Smiles "We'll see about that

??? OH HEY PETER! I didn't expect to see you here, say have you seen a bunch of birds-

Peter: Keep your voice down you'll scare them away

Viola- Oh....I'm sorry.

Peter- It's ok

Viola- Why do you like birds so much and is it ok if I feed them too? Oh and why do they seem to like you so much and-

Peter- Can we keep it to one question at a time?

Viola- That wasn't just one question?

Peter- No. I like animals in general, back in the mountains there were some foxes and coyotes that liked me, a bobcat too and even a bear. Oh there was also this mamma eagle she would visit me whenever I went fishing she liked to steal some of the fish I caught. Smiles

Viola- Wow that's amazing!...oops I'll try to be quieter......

Peter- I'm not sure why but I tend to get along better with animals than with people and the animals seem to like me.

Viola- Do you not like people Peter?

Peter- Hmmmm....no I wouldn't say that I just find animals.....easier, simpler people are complicated.....and noisy.

Viola- Oh.....should I leave?

Peter- I never said that, you can stay if you want to

Viola- Ok!.......can I ask another question?

Peter- You just did

Many, many hours later

Viola- Bye Peter I had fun

Peter- Bye Viola I did too, it was fun feeding the birds with a friend both leave

Peter- Dear Journal, I think I met a friend, her name is Viola she's a bit energetic and can get a little noisy but she tries to listen she might be able to understand and maybe I can help her to listen more

B support (might take the beginning portion of this support and tack it onto the end of the C?)
Viola and Peter are feeding the birds again and Peter wonders aloud what it would be like to see the world from a bird's point of view. Viola offers to take Peter on a ride on her pegasus and he accepts. At the pegasus stables, Mello starts to get agitated around Peter. Viola tries to calm her down, but her usual methods dont seem to work. Peter leaves the stable temporarily and Mello calms down. After a brief conversation with Mello, Viola reunites with Peter and she explains that Mello got spooked because Peter "smelled too much like a bandit". Peter understands and tells Viola to never mind letting him ride Mello with her. Viola insists on trying to get Peter and Mello get along since she considers them both her friends. Viola proposes that she try have Mello and Peter socialize outside rather than in the stable so that hopefully being a more open space would put Mello more at ease. Mello starts getting agitated again, but Peter remains calm and slowly approaches Mello, assuring her that he isnt a threat. Peter starts to approach Mello bit she starts backing away and snorting at him at first. Peter doesnt proceed further as a sign of him not trying to force anything. Mello hesitates for a moment then starts to cautiously approach him and gets close enough to let him pet her. Viola declares this as a success and proposes that they continue to do this until Mello is comfortable enough to let Peter mount her.

A support

S support