Marina: Oh, Alex, I was looking for you. May I ask you for a favor?
Alex: What is it, Marina?
Marina: Being a reader yourself, I was wondering if you have some book recommendations. I just finished this one, and I was wondering if you knew of anything similar to it.
Alex: Hm... "Heavenly Desires"? I've never heard of this one.
Marina: You can go ahead and borrow my copy of it, then. You don't need to finish it, but it's quite a read.
Alex: Alright. I'll see what I can do.
Marina: Thank you again, Alex. I'll see you later.
(Marina leaves.)
Alex: Let's see here. "Chapter One: Taking the Plunge." ... Oh. ..... Oh my. ....... Oh, it went THERE already? I haven't even finished the first chapter yet.
(Some time later...)
Marina: Hello again, Alex. Not to put you in a rush, but do you have any book recommendations yet? I've recently had this urge to give "Heavenly Desires" another read.
Alex: Yes, here you go.
Marina: So, what did you think of it?
Alex: It was... a book. It WAS interesting, but does it really need all... THAT in it?
Marina: What do you-- Ohh... Hm... Probably not. Though, I still do enjoy it.
Alex: It was certainly more intense than anything I've read myself. And... the euphemisms. Oh, Medea, the euphemisms. Why call those parts of a woman "nether lips" and "nip nops"? Who talks like that?
Marina: No one to my knowledge, though I get a giggle out of it.
Alex: I don't mean to criticize it so much. It wasn't bad per se, but like I said, it progressed faster than what I'm used to. I haven't read anything of this intensity before.
Marina: I'll admit that book is intense and not something I would have recommended if you have not read something like this before.
Alex: Some of the intimate moments between the main couple were nice, but I do prefer a slower progression. Really let it brew and steep in first.
Marina: Ahhh, more into slow, methodical romances, I see. I can let you read another one of my favorites, if you'd like. There are a few I have that I think would be better for you.
Alex: I would not mind that at all.
(Scene transitions to Marina's room.)
Marina: Here we are, my personal book collection. One I would recommend to you is "Roses and Strawberry Wine". It's a more intense romance novel, but you're not diving into the deep end.
Alex: I'll give it a try. Thank you, Marina
Marina: Not at all, dear.
Alex: Oh, and since I'm borrowing a book of yours, why don't you take this?
Marina: "The Prince and the Peasant"?
Alex: Yes, it's a sweet romance about a noble who falls in love with a lowly farm girl. I like it a lot.
Marina: I'll give it a try. Thank you, Alex.
Alex: Of course. Until next time, Marina.
# Original script by Berserker Sam #