Celeste(Blindfolded): So Michael where are you taking me?

Michael: A place I'm worried I we won't be able to see when this is all over. I know we aren't dating yet-

Celeste: I'm not worried. I'm pretty sure she'd say yes. Can I take this off please?
(Michael gets closer to Celeste)
Michael: You can take it off.
Celeste: Alright-
(Celeste accidentally knocks Michael into the water taking off the blindfold)
Celeste: Uh... I'm sorry Michael. I'll save you!
(Celeste jumps in)
Michael: Celeste, I'm fine.
(After they get out of the water)
Celeste: No, your clothes are wet- I'll dry them with my hands. 

Michael: I'm okay. We maybe unofficially dating now but you don't have to worry about me all the time.

Celeste: Oh, sorry. I just don't want anything awful to happen to best friend boyfriend. Why did you take me here?

Michael: I wanted to see you swim to train your arms, after that I wanted to hold hands with you and laying on the terrycloth(towel) over there, after that I wanted to give you a gift.

Celeste: Who says we still can't do that? Let's hold hands.
(Celeste grabs Michael's hand)
Michael: Thank you Celeste. Unfortunately the gift is on the other side of the water. I always liked you- AsAFriend but I realized that I liked you as a girl progressively since we reunited. Ah shoot this sounds so awkward.

Celeste: Don't be like that. You already told me in the forest. I don't think I directly said it so, I love you Michael. 

Michael: (As direct as always) Thank you Celeste, (crying tears of happiness) THANK YOU SO MUCH! Wait, sorry I forgot I had the gift in my bag.

Celeste: Huh? I'M ALREADY MORE THAN HALFWAY ACROSS THE WATER! DON'T WORRY I HEARD YOU!
(Celeste goes Superspeed at Michael, Michael pulls out the gift, it's an axe)
Michael: I bought this for you, with my own money.

Celeste: Wow, an super cool axe!
(Celeste holds onto)
Celeste: It feels powerful too. I wanna hug you!
(They hug)

Celeste: I should give you something too.

Michael: No, it's fine, you bought us those friendship gems.
# Original script by Blade of Light 12 #