C Support
Aqua: And may the Great Folia bless those who walked this path on days gone by, and through time forever passing.
Michael: ...
Aqua: Oh, Michael! I didn't realize you were standing there. If you wanted to pray alongside me, you could have asked.
Michael: It's okay, Aqua. I just... Well, uh, it's not like I didn't want to pray, but... I wanted to ask you something.
Aqua: What is it?
Michael: Please don't be offended, but how can you keep worshipping the Great Folia like this?
Aqua: H-Huh?
Michael: I'm sorry! That was really rude, wasn't it?
Aqua: Well--
Michael: You know what, I'll just go. Sorry!
(Michael leaves the scene.)
Aqua: W-Wait! ... Just what did the Holy Knights do to you, Michael?

B Support
Michael: Um, Aqua?
Aqua: Oh, Michael! Did you need something?
Michael: I wanted to apologize for the other day. What I said was really out of line.
Aqua: It's okay, really! In fact, I wanted to discuss that with you. Let's talk this out.
Michael: Oh, er, alright.
Aqua: Your faith must have been really shaken, Michael.
Michael: Y-Yeah... I just don't know what to think anymore, Aqua. The Holy Knights are supposed to carry out the Great Folia's will and protect his children. But that wasn't happening at all! I realize not all the Knights acted like what you all saw in Windbrook, but the fact they exist... Where's the faith? Where's the belief in the Great Folia's teachings? Where is the Great Folia when you need him...?
Aqua: Michael...
Michael: *sniff* I-I'm sorry, Aqua. This is a lot for me to handle.
Aqua: There's no need to apologize. It does seem like a lot. But I think this is a good thing.
Michael: H-Huh? What do you mean?
Aqua: The fact that you're acting like this just shows how strong your faith is in the Great Folia. You saw the wrongs around you and you didn't let yourself fall into them. I think that's really admirable.
Michael: Aqua... Y-Yeah, you're right. Thanks. I needed to hear that. But...
Aqua: Uh-huh?
Michael: When this is all over, will the Holy Knights go back to how they were before? I wanna blame whoever was controlling the Archbishop for making the Knights like this, but something tells me things aren't that simple.
Aqua: Even if things don't go back to normal right away, getting the Archbishop back to her old self will be a start.
Michael: Agreed. Anyway, thanks again, Aqua. I'm feeling a lot better now.
Aqua: I'm glad, Michael. And if you're worried about anything else, feel free to come talk to me. I'm always happy to lend an ear.