C Support
Forrest: Jake, may I ask you for some advice?
Jake: Well, sure thing, Sir Forrest! What's troubling ya?
Forrest: I... well... This is embarrassing, but... How do you... court a woman?
Jake: Is that all? No need to be so shy about it! So, who's the lucky lady?
Forrest: Th-That is irrelevant, isn't it?
Jake: I mean, if I have an idea who the girl is, I could give ya better advice.
Forrest: I would feel more comfortable if you gave me more general advice, then.
Jake: If you say so. So, first thing's first. You gotta get on this girl's good side. Listen to her problems, do little things for her, stuff like that.
Forrest: I do a lot of that already.
Jake: There we go! You're already ahead of the game here. From there, you drop subtle hints that you like her. Key word here: SUBTLE. Speaking from personal experience.
Forrest: But, it still worked, correct? You and Anna--
Jake: There were other girls before Anna. So many other girls...
Forrest: Ah.
Jake: But yeah, subtlety is your best friend. Don't forget it!
Forrest: I apologize, Jake, but subtlety has not made any noticeable difference.
Jake: Huh, really? If that's the case, then might as well just be upfront with her!
Forrest: N-No! That is not an option.
Jake: Alright, alright. I think I see what the problem is. Sir Forrest, what you need is to work on your confidence!
Forrest: My confidence?
Jake: Yup! Once we get that confidence up, you can get your girl, guaranteed!
Forrest: I suppose we can try that.
Jake: Great! I'm gonna brainstorm some ideas for confidence boosters. I'll check back in with ya later.

B Support
Jake: Sir Forrest, there you are! I've got a whole bunch of ideas to get your confidence up to snuff. Are you free?
Forrest: Yes, I am.
Jake: Great! Let's get started. To my room!
(Scene transitions to Jake's room.)
Jake: Alright, first off, you gotta remember the most important thing: "With great confidence comes great won-fidence!"
Forrest: "Won-fidence."
Jake: Because you'll always be a winner if you believe in yourself!
Forrest: Sure. Okay.
Jake: Now, as an accomplished warrior yourself, I'm sure you have a nice, strong stance and posture. So, just keep it up throughout the day, not just in battle. The way you carry yourself can get you into the right mindset.
Forrest: Hmm, I suppose that makes sense.
Jake: Once you're standing tall with your chest puffed out, then you gotta speak with conviction! No hesitation!
Forrest: Ah, well--
Jake: Aha! That's the problem! Sir Forrest, you have to make your intentions known. If you don't speak up, your girl will never know how you feel.
Forrest: Jake, it's not that simple--
Jake: That's quitter talk! Here, I'll pretend to be the girl, then you seduce me.
Forrest: What.
Jake: Seduce me, Sir Forrest!
Forrest: Uh. Ahem. You, uh, look good today?
Jake: Oh, why thank you, Sir Forrest~ You're not looking too bad yourself~
Forrest: Jake, could you please speak normally for this exercise? This is overwhelmingly embarrassing as is.
Jake: Work through it, Sir Forrest! The embarrassment is a barrier you have to overcome!
Forrest, thinking: This is going to be a long day.

A Support
(Krista and Forrest are doing inventory of the army's supplies.)
Forrest: That should do it for inventory. We would need to restock on a few weapons, but outside of that, the army should be in good shape.
Krista: Looks like it. Well, I'm gonna get going, Forrest. Talk to ya later!
Forrest: Ah, one moment, Your Highness.
Krista: What's up?
Forrest: Ah, well... *Ahem* If you are free this evening, would you like to have dinner together? Perhaps at one of the local taverns? It has been a while since we've been able to spend some leisure time together.
Krista: I'm down! Let's meet in the foyer a bit before sundown, then.
Forrest: Alright.
(Krista leaves and the scene transitions to further down the hall where Forrest bumps into Jake.)
Jake: Sir Forrest! Hi! You look more chipper than usual.
Forrest: Ah, do I?
Jake: Sure do! Lemme guess, you've been putting my advice to work, right?
Forrest: Hah, I suppose it's obvious. But yes, that is exactly it. I'm going out to dinner with Her Highness this evening.
Jake: Oh, that's nice--Wait, whoa, what?! "Her Highness"? You mean Princess Krista?
Forrest: Yes, who else would I be referring to?
Jake: Sir Forrest, I'm gonna be real frank with ya here. You never told me the girl you liked was the Medean princess herself!
Forrest: Does that change things?
Jake: Yes!! By a country mile! Man, if you've been followin' my advice to the letter this entire time, there's no way--
Forrest: I don't know what you're so worked up about. Your advice has helped, Jake. Much better than I expected, if I'm being honest.
Jake: Wh-- I-I mean, yeah! Of course it has! Haha... A-Anyway, I'm real happy that things worked out for ya. You have fun with the princess, y'hear?
Forrest: Thank you, Jake. Now, if you'll excuse me, I must be off.
(Forrest leaves.)
Jake: He actually got with the princess with my advice, huh...? I must've been way better at getting with girls than I thought if all of that worked on actual royalty! I should write a book!