C Support
Masashi: Ah, hello there! Miss Shula, correct? It's good to see another archer join our ranks. And quite the beauteous one at that--
Shula: I'm stopping you right there. Two things. One: I'm not interested. Two: Even if I was, I'm here to add manpower to this army. Not to find a husband.
Masashi: Now, who said anything about that? I just couldn't help but admire that mature air you give off. It's most fitting for a skilled archer such as yourself.
Shula: Keep your eyes on the enemy and not on me, lover boy.
Masashi: No need to worry about where my eyes wander. I always hit my mark. *winks* Both on and off the battlefield.
Shula: That has to be the lamest thing you said throughout this entire conversation.
Masashi: So, everything else landed?
Shula: I never said that.
Masashi: But you didn't say they didn't either.
Shula: ...
Masashi: Well?
Shula: Look, just... Ugh, forget it. I'm heading to the training yard.
(Shula leaves.)
Masashi: I'll call that a success!

B Support
Shula, thinking: Hm... Nothing yet. I know I heard something in this direction. ... Aha! A deer! Alright, carefully now...
(Shula fires an arrow and hits the deer.)
Shula: Yes! Now to--What the?! It's getting away! My shot must've been off. Get back here, you!
(Shula chases after the deer and the scene transitions to another part of the forest. She sees the deer and begins to approach.)
Shula, thinking: There it is--Huh? It's down already? It couldn't have bled out that fast.
(She gets closer to the deer and examines it.)
Shula: Another arrow. And right in the head too? Who...?
(Masashi emerges from his hiding spot and enters the scene.)
Masashi: Ah, Miss Shula, is that you? I was wondering where that first arrow came from.
Shula: You!
Masashi: I do have a name, you know.
Shula: How did you manage to hit its head? It's not impossible, but...
Masashi: Ah, well, admittedly, I wasn't trying to aim there. I was trying to land my shot around where yours was. The deer moved at the last moment and my arrow still happened to strike true.
Shula: Huh. Well, you did manage to get it in the end.
Masashi: Indeed. Though, I must say, your shot wasn't bad either. A little off from its vitals, but you have a good sense of where to aim.
Shula: I've been doing this for a while.
Masashi: I can tell! I knew my intuition was right about you. At any rate, you intended to bring this back to camp, correct? Do you need any assistance?
Shula: Hmm... You know what, yeah, you can help. We both managed to get an arrow in it, so its both our responsibility. Let's go.
Masashi: Gladly. Say, why don't we hunt together next time? I think we could make a great team.
Shula: Don't push it, lover boy. ... But, sure. I wouldn't mind the company.

A Support
(Masashi and Shula are out in the woods.)
Masashi, whispering: See anything?
Shula, whispering: Not yet. ... Wait. There. Rabbit spotted.
(Shula fires an arrow at it.)
Shula: Got it!
Masashi: Great! Another one to add to the haul. This should be enough meat to last us for a while.
Shula: Yeah. Let's head back to camp.
(On the way back...)
Masashi: Have I mentioned how impressive your archery skills are, Miss Shula?
Shula: Yes. Many times. Get to the point.
Masashi: I was just wondering about your training. You obviously have a lot of experience with how accurate your shots are.
Shula: We had some archers in Coral Village's local militia and they taught me a few things before I started practicing on my own. I was also in charge of running the orphanage there which included getting food for everyone.
Masashi: Ah, fascinating. You must have gone out hunting often, then.
Shula: Yup. I even taught some of the older kids how to shoot so that they could help too. It was hard work, but rewarding.
Masashi: I can imagine.
Shula: What about you? A fancy noble like you probably had proper training from some esteemed tutor or something like that.
Masashi: Haha! Your intuition is just as accurate as your arrows, Miss Shula. Both my parents were high-ranking officials in the Merinese army. They had assigned one of the best archers in their division to tutor me, but I wouldn't say that is the sole reason for my skill.
Shula: Don't go all modest on me now.
Masashi: But it's true! I had spent time training on my own outside of practicing together with my tutor. Honestly, archery was... fun, for lack of a better way to describe it. It didn't matter if I wasn't an expert in it. I just wanted to keep practicing. I don't think I'm as passionate about any other subject.
Shula: Not even women?
Masashi: Very funny, Miss Shula.
Shula: Hey, looks like the camp's just ahead. Pick up the pace, Masashi! The meat's not gonna skin itself.
(Shula leaves the scene.)
Masashi: Ah, Miss Shula, wait up!

S Support
[]